Super Game Chain
A Game Chain to Disrupt the Game Ecosystem

Table of Contents
Abstract

2

2.Background

4

2.1 Global Gaming Market Size
2.2 Current Game Industry Ecosystems and Problems
2.2 Opportunities
3. SGChain Advantages
3.1 About SGChain
3.2 Open Source Code
3.3 Security & Stability
3.4 Cross-platform, Multi-Lingual Support
3.5 Multi-cryptocurrency Support
3.6 Profit Model
3.7 Affiliate rewards
3.8 Official Site and Games

4
4
5
6
6
7
7
8
8
8
9
9

4. SGChain Developer Platform
4.1 SGC-based game development and access
4.2 Introduction of Other Tokens

12
13
13

5. Development Roadmap/Milestones

14

6. Technical Solution
6.1 System Framework

16
16

7. Team

20

8. SGC Token Release Plan

29

8.1 Purpose
8.2 SGChain Token Benefits
8.3 SGChain Token Release Plan
8.4.2 Fund Distribution
8.5 Operational Stages
9. Disclaimer and Risk Statement
9.1 Disclaimer
9.2 Risk statement

29
29
30
31
31
33
33
34

1.Abstract
Super Game Chain (“SGC” or “SGChain”) is an organic game ecosystem built on
decentralized smart contracts for indie and other developers to get invested, reviewed
by gamers and other investors, for gamers to invite, interact, and gift each other, for
game influencers to interact with developers and gamers more closely, for investors to
invest based on real marketing acceptance, and for advertisers to provide native and
natural ads to the right audience.
We believe blockchain will empower us to disrupt the current gaming industry and
solve some pain points in today’s ecosystem.
Our mission is to harness the blockchain technology and ride this wave to rebuild
this organic, healthy, mutually beneficial, co-existential ecosystem. There will be two
main products of the SGChain:
-

Our main public chain that’s built on the latest and fastest blockchain algorithm.

-

The disruptive SGChain Ecosystem.
For developers, SGC can help them raise fund, fix the prevailing issues in the current

gaming industry such as fraudulent ads clicks and fraudulent payment, as well as
inconvenient, inconsistent, expensive payment systems.

SGC will also provide a

complete economy system that ensures better income for developers. SGChain will
provide the ICO smart contract to global game developers to facilitate the trading of the
ingame currency with the SGC currency, and make the currencies of different games
interchangeable via the common SGC coin.
For gamers, this will be a fun, fair, private, safe, and profitable or powerful game
world.
For advertisers, this will put you in front of your curated target audience in a most
native and direct way.
Investors can also benefit from the ecosystem in that the early stage user
participation of a game project will provide insights on future game projections, and

hence help them make more accurate and risk-less investment, as well as helping them
getting returns in a much shorter term than traditional investment.
The cross-platform SGC will be launched in the global market to support multiple
languages. The ingame premium currencies of all games on the SGC ecosystem can be
purchased with SGC. And thus be interchangeable with the currencies of other games
seamlessly and smoothly.
In the meantime, SGC support will also serve as an open world sandbox game. It can
also support different genres of games, such as casino games, casual games, MMORPG,
etc.
Any investment from American, Chinese, or Singapore individuals will not be
accepted.

2.Background
2.1 Global Gaming Market Size

In 2016, there were more than 200 million global users on Steam platform and their
revenue already hit 3.5 billion US dollars annually. Now we have around almost seven
billion in global population, which means there are still hundreds of millions people out
there due to different payment system or still under internet infrastructure development.
We wanted to connect all the players and developers around the world through SGChain.
The recent report shows that the total revenue of global gaming software and hardware
will exceed 150 billion US dollars in 2017, and the entire game trend is shifting toward the
mobile market. Not only that, AR, VR and MR games are also fast-growth markets,

2.2 Current Game Industry Ecosystems and Problems

It’s a difficult and lengthy battle for developers to fight uphill to just bring their games in
front of their target gamers.

We can see many problems in this competitive gaming market:
-

Monopoly is dominating the gaming industry. Take a look at a snapshot of one
day’s revenue on Appstore:

source:https://medium.com/@sm_app_intel/a-bunch-of-average-app-revenue-data-and-why-you-s
hould-ignore-it-2bea283d37fc

-

It’s getting more and more difficult to raise fund.

-

Fraud in advertisement makes the cost of user acquisition higher and higher.

-

Developers revenue is seriouly affected by the fake payment.

-

Payment difficulties cause the game limitation for users, also affect the game flow
and developer revenue.

-

There are so many creative indie-games out there. However, they cannot survive in
such a competitive environment.

-

Many companies are forced to shut down the business because of these challenges.
Especially small and midsize and indie game developers.

2.2 Opportunities
Blockchain -- The SGChain team thinks that blockchain technology is a great fit for
the current market trends, and it can solve some of the biggest problems in the
industry. SGChain will create a safe decentralized profile for each user to protect
their privacy, and connect all the users around the world with a global payment and

reward system. We will work with top blockchain development team Qtum and
top payment solution team ​Lightning Network to minimize potential network
congestion problems.
AI -- The platform will also use AI to connect players and games more efficiently
and reduce developers’ advertising cost, thus it can maximize the benefits for both
users and developers.
Globalization- One of the biggest trend in gaming, it’s evident in hit games such as
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, Strike of Kings, and card games like Texas
Hold’em Poker. We found players from around the world are increasingly
interacting and communicating through games.
Cross Platform - ​Unity, Unreal engine are versatile, powerful software engines
optimal to develop a cross-platform game.
Social Needs - Players have increasing need for social interactions online and
offline.
Open Source -- Everyone can build the same structure on the SGChain platform.

3. SGChain Advantages
3.1 About SGChain
SGChain is based on a distributed, smart-contract approach to building a platform
for gamers and game developers. The data on the blockchain requires network
consensus and cannot be tampered with. As a public chain, any 3rd party developer
can publish their game on the SGChain, and accept the approval mechanism of

SGChain Developer Alliance, which is based on consensus mechanism, to ensure the
healthy development of the entire game platform.

3.2 ​Open Source Code
SGChain will open all the source code on the platform, making all core data open
and transparent. Compared to traditional server-end data handling, we expect for
the SGChain Developer Alliance to review game codes to ensure the games are fair,
just and open.

3.3 Security & Stability
• Private key security
Super Game Chain’s wallet consists of two parts. When the payment is worth less
than US $200, the user’s digital currency is saved in the Super Game Chain hot
wallet; otherwise the cold wallet password mechanism will be activated and will
require additional user authorization.
The private key will allow digital transactions across the platform, Super Game
Chain Wallet will provide multi-level security mechanisms to protect users’ assets.
• Terminal security
SGChain uses the HTTPS protocol, the Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol, to
encrypt and transmit information using secure channels. It has the functions of
authentication, information encryption, and integrity verification to reduce the risk
of eavesdropping, tampering, and hijacking.
• All-star Team

The SGChain development and operations team consists of top game platform
experts, blockchain experts, AI experts, and security experts. The team’s experience
comes from a rich and diverse background of top technology and entertainment
companies from around the world which include Tencent, EA, Facebook, Activision,
GameLoft, Ubisoft, Sega, Disney Interactive, Netflix, and many more. We have
successfully operated a variety of billions-user-level games and have rich
experience in platform operations to ensure the safety, security, and stable
operation of the platform.

3.4 ​Cross-platform, Multi-Lingual Support
SGChain will support platforms, such as the web, mobile, PC, VR, and AR. It will
initially be launched in English, followed by Chinese, Arabic, Spanish, French,
Russian, Korean, Japanese and other popular languages for global players to join.

3.5 Multi-​cryptocurrency Support
SGChain will use SGC as the base currency. The platform will first support SGC
Token after Initial Coin Offering.

It will add support for other popular

cryptocurrencies, such as ETH, BTC, BCH, LTC, ETC, EOS, and XRP. Users can
exchange for SGC in SGChain Wallet.
As

a

global

platform,

SGChain

does

not

support

exchange

between

cryptocurrencies and fiat money of different countries due to various regulations.

3.6 Profit Model
SGChain will enable developers to showcase their game projects in conception
stage and facilitate reviewing and investing by targeted gamers.

It will provide decentralized, protected real identity profile for each user. This
identity is vigorously guarded, only individuals or entities with the proper clearance
can view the relevant information. Users need to pay a fee to maintain their profile.
SGChain will create player profile for each user. There will be an avatar
representation for each player,

including personalized look and customizable

outfits. Players can send gifts or trade with each other. Players can also organize
their own events, and only players who satisfies all the preset requirements can join.
This part of the platform will be open.
SGChain will enable mining mechanism after users purchased tokens to play the
games and exchange in the games. A small tax will be charged for each transaction in
order to support the continuing development, maintenance and operation.
SGChain platform will introduce the hot Room Card model and sell room cards.
Players will be able to open their private virtual rooms with tokens, and organize
their games. SGC Room Hosts may receive token rewards from the platform.

3.7 Affiliate rewards
SGChain platform will reward users and developers with tokens for their
contribution. Here are the definition of contributors, and their possible rewards:
● Highly active users will earn 10% return on tokens spent.
● Referrer & Room Host: When a user becomes a highly active user, his or her
referrer will be rewarded with tokens.
● Developers who releases high quality games on the platform will be
rewarded with tokens.
● Users who help the developer with game ICO will be rewarded with tokens.
● Candy reward: platform will routinely distribute candy to users and
developers to show appreciation for their support.

3.8 Official Site and Games
SGChain Official Site: http://.sgchain.io launched on 1/10/2018.
SGChain Facebook Fan Page, Telegram, Twitter, Reddit page are scheduled to
launch on 1/12/2018.
First SGC based game demo Black Jack will launch on 1/25/2018.
Core games such as Galaxy Factions, Monster Metropolis, Clash of Magic will launch
on the SGC platform by 2018 Q2. Super Survivor is scheduled to launch by 2018 Q3.
Super Suvivor is coming in 2018 Q3. It is inspired by the hit game PlayerUnknown's
Battlegrounds.

Award-Winning Clash of Magic is a real-time PVP strategy game.

Galaxy Factions is a tower defense game.

Monster Metropolis is a city building game with turn-based RPG elements.

4. SGChain Developer Platform
SGChain Open Platform is an integral part of the platform and will provide access to
the following features:
● Game Login and Authentication
● Decentralized user data encryption and storage
● Layered access for user data
● User avatar, name, level, tags, friend list, game interests, achievements
● SGC wallet, payment and trade system
● Content streams and interactions
● Social interactions
● Gifting
● Notification
● Chat
● Groups

4.1 SGC-based game development and access
The developers can publish games on the SGChain platform through the SGChain
API specifications,

and the SGChain API outputs the data capabilities of the smart contracts to the hosting
game to provide game developers around the world with globally distributed games.
The game developers focus on the SGChain platform according to the SGChain API
requirements and specifications, and the SGChain API outputs the data capabilities of
the smart contracts to the hosting game to provide game developers around the world
with globally distributed games.

4.2 Introduction of Other Tokens
SGChain will establish a mechanism for introducing other tokens to the platform.
Users may request to introduce tokens which are in public circulation onto the
platform, SGChain will evaluate the token based on platform’s assessment, user
assessment, and user polls. The security of the users’ token assets will be the first
and foremost precondition for the introduction of any new token.

5. Development Roadmap/Milestones
Feburary 28, 2018

Complete Platform Strategy Design Documents
- Techincal Design Docs
- Platform Design Docs
- Blockchain Design Docs
- Economy Design Docs
Complete Prototype development of game basic system

May 28, 2018

SGChain Platform development in progress
SGChain Blockchain development in Progress
Marketplace development in Progress
Get Test Demo Access to potential developers and players

June 28, 2018

SGChain Blockchain development completed

July 2, 2018

SGChain Platform completion
BD/Marketing/PR Push and Focus

August 1, 2018

Release 5 Simple Casino Style Games
- Poker
- BlackJack
- Roulette
- Craps
- Slots
Continue with PR and Marketing Push
Content Developer Relations and Publishing push

September 3, 2018

Content Update
Sponsorship Placement Billboards system

October 1, 2018

Wave 1 release new games
Test Mobile Platform
Halloween Content Update

November 1, 2018

11/11 Content Update
Rollout of Avatar Room/Residence system

December 3, 2018

Wave 2 release new games
Content Update for Holidays
Introduce Acceptance of new Cryptocurrencies

January 1, 2019

Mobile Platform release

Feb 1, 2019

Valentine's Day Update
Lunar New Years Update
Rollout of Venues Feature

March 1, 2019

Wave 3 release new games
Rollout Guild/Alliance System

April 1, 2019

Content Update
Rollout Content Discovery AI System

May 1, 2019

Wave 4 release new games
Esport Competition Feature

June 3, 2019

Content Update

July 1, 2019

Content Update
Guild/Alliance Competition Feature

August 1, 2019

Wave 5 release new games
Entourage Feature Update
Content Update

September 2, 2019

Content Update
Horse Racing/Raising Feature

October 1, 2019

Halloween Content Update
Rollout VIP system

November 1, 2019

11/11 Content Update
Content Update

December 2, 2019

Wave 6 release new games
Holiday Content Update

January 1, 2019

New Year Content Update

February 3, 2020

Lunar New Years Update
Car Racing/Collecting Feature

March 2, 2020

Content Update

April 1, 2020

Wave 7 release new games
Platform wide competition

May 1, 2020

Content Update
Cryptobetting Feature

6. Technical Solution
6.1 System Framework

SGChain aims to provide users with a visual, smart contract based, multi-platform
gaming platform.

We implemented a light-client SGC wallet and gaming platform at the application
level, where the gaming platform includes various games based on SGC tokens.
Following up, we will gradually open platform proprietary SDK provided to the
majority of developers, allowing game developers to quickly develop SGC-based DAPP
and blockchain games based on SGChain's platform services and SDK support and
quickly publish on our platform and distribution.
SGChain provides a series of middleware for each game, including middleware such
as support for user wallet, call to smart contract, such as keyethereum / ethereumjs-tx /
ethereum-abi.
The backend implements some centralized services to provide for front-end calls. In
this way, the combination of centralization and decentralization provides users with a
more efficient and smoother experience on the premise of ensuring data fairness and
safety.
Security: The core of the game data and logic are on the Ethereum blockchain
management by a smart contract to ensure the openness of the game, will not be
tampered with. At the same time, when users utilize the wallet function of SGChain to
play the game, the private key of all user Ethereum accounts will be stored in the user's
local terminal, and will never be transmitted over the network, nor will it be stored in
the centralized server, ensuring the user’s account privacy and security.

6.2 Smart contract architecture
Compared to ETH smart contracts, SGChain takes the economic stability, inflation
and deflation within the games into consideration. A new version of the smart contract
can be implemented for an existing game if majority of players voted for the changes
through the consensus mechanism.
SGChain will support two scripting languages: Lua and Wren.
Lua is a Turing-complete programming language with compilers and bytecode virtual
machines designed and optimized for blockchain. SGChain uses Lua as its preferred
language for smart contract programming on the SGChain blockchain, which supports

static compilation into bytecodes and on-demand execution in blockchain networks.
Wren (http://wren.io) is a small, fast, category-based programming language. Wren's
developers describe it as "akin to putting a small tak file into a lua-sized package, plus a
bit of Erlang's features, into a familiar, modern grammar." The Wren language and
virtual machine were chosen because of its short, easy-to-use documentation and
accessible code base. It also has very good performance and can be easily embedded
iton C ++ applications.
Web Components (WASM)
WASM is an emerging web standard for building high-performance web applications
that can be well-defined and sandboxed with a small amount of fit. The benefits of
WASM are widely supported by the industry, so smart contracts such as C or C ++ can
be developed and developed in familiar languages.
Separation of authentication and application
To maximize parallelism while minimizing the computational task of regenerating the
application state from the program log, the SGC OS divides the validation logic into
three parts:
Confirm the consistency of the message
Confirm that all preconditions are valid;
Modify the application status.
The internal consistency of the validation message is read-only and does not require
access to the blockchain state, which means that it can be executed with maximum
parallelism. Validating preconditions (such as demand balancing) is also read-only, so
you can also benefit from parallelism. Only write-access is needed to make changes to
the application state and each application needs to be processed in order.

Authentication is a read-only process that validates whether or not a message can be
applied, and the application is actually executing it. Real-time calculations need to be
performed, but once the transaction is included in the blockchain, no more
authentication is required.
Virtual machine independent architecture
This is the purpose of the SGC operating system software to support a wide range of
virtual machines while continuing to add new virtual machines as needed over time.

6.3 Consensus mechanism
Because of the distributed nature, blockchain needs a consensus mechanism to
function properly. The widely used consensus algorithms include: Proof of Work (PoW),
Proof of Stake (PoS), Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT), Delegated Proof of
Interest (DPoS: Delegated Proof of Stake).
SGChain will adopt DPOS. DPOS can allocate equity after production without extra
computing power. It can also dynamically determine the execution result of the smart
contract by the agent or all the nodes according to the transaction status of the
network.
SGC, as a public chain, forms a community consensus that cannot be done without the
economic means - token support. Token-holding not only gets the contract release,
network bifurcation and other blockchain-based services, but also participate in voting,
as a proxy node to provide services token reward. SGChain named this token SGC and
each SGC holder calls it a stakeholder, allocating the corresponding voting weight based
on the SGC's holdings. The proxy node is voted by the rights holder. The top 20 proxies
with the highest number of tickets take turns verifying the transactions in turn, all in the
order determined by all proxy nodes and guaranteed not to be tampered with. Acting
can work for the benefits of normal work; on the contrary, abnormal work or not, will be

punished.

6.4 Functional structure
Backbone SGChain
Backbone SGCs based on the latest blockchain research will address some of
Ethereum's existing technical issues for faster transactions. (Gosig: Scalable Byzantine
Consensus on Adversarial Wide Area Network for Blockchains) Digital wallet and its
use.
Each user on the SGC platform will have an e-wallet to store their SGC coins. Users can
use currency to invest in games they like, upgrade their avatar, interact with friends
such as Avatar gifts. Can also be used to support their favorite new game development,
buy in the game, upgrade equipment and so on.
SGC Developer Alliance
SGC-based developers can announce game builds on the SGC platform, launch ICOs, get
early game development funding, and enable users to participate in game development
decisions early, with user-supported developers developing and distributing
themselves. The SDChain platform is dedicated to providing a publishing environment
that allows every developer to survive, grow and succeed.
Platform SDK
Third-party games released on the platform can access the platform SDK, get the user's
player information, friends list, and can call the SDK to achieve the user information
flow content release, instant notification, and view the user's game achievements praise
and so on.
Other content providers
Since the SGC platform will be developed based on Unity, the SGC platform will actively
introduce and share revenue with third-party 3D models such as characters, costumes,
animations, scenes and more.

7. Team
SGChain development and operations team, with many years of professional experience,
including:

Management Team

Toni Xu
CEO

Toni graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a master’s degree and a Distinct
Graduate Award. She developed and published many apps and games tops the
leaderboards with tens of millions of users. She copublished Facebook Game of the
Year: Wartune, which led 4 publishers to go public. To give everyone an identity and feel
of belonging in the digital world that’s connected to the physical world is her dream, and
she’s embracing any new technology to pursue this vision.

Britt Morris
CTO

Britt has been pushing the boundaries of video game technology for over twenty years.
Driving technology organizations for industry leaders such as SEGA, DreamWorks
Animation, and Disney. Mr. Morris is an expert in game live operations, platform, user
retention, and fraud prevention.

Vincent Nguyen
COO

Formerly a Senior Producer at Tencent and Senior Game Designer at Gameloft, Vince is
currently the Founder and CEO of Faceroll Games Limited, a game development studio
based in Shanghai, China. Vince lead the team in developing Activision’s most profitable
mobile game, Call of Duty: Heroes to $100MM+ lifetime revenue, 50MM downloads,
and 4.5 rating over 2MM reviews.

Chuck Lam
Chief Platform Architect

Chuck Lam is an entrepreneur and operating executive in Silicon Valley for 20+ years.
He founded RollCall, an mobile service for organizing social gatherings, and sold it to
StubHub (eBay). He has raised funding from CRV, Kapor Capital, SV Angel, AngelPad,
and other investors. Before that he joined RockYou, a Sequoia-funded company, as
employee #20 and led the growth of the engineering team to 100+ employees.

Kay Neuenhofen
Blockchain
Developer

Kay has proven, rock-solid experience in system and application development, product
deployment and performance tuning. While at Sun Microsystems, he contributed to the
implementation of the Java Virtual Machine, which runs on billions of devices world
wide. He then lead the development of the Netflix app for the iPad, which was demoed
by Steve Jobs at WWDC, and installed on millions of devices. Most recently, Kay led the
development of several PlayStation apps for Major League Baseball.

Bill Conners
VP of Marketing

Mr. Connors has been long engaged in the field of consumer marketing strategy,
strategic partnership, and product brand strategy and other senior management. As
MasterCard’s VP Marketing VP, he designed the famous MasterCard "Priceless"
campaign that dominated the textbook history of advertising.

JC
AI Data Analysis Expert

Stanford University Master of Science and Engineering, majoring in entrepreneurship
management. Strengths are in utilizing data analysis to guide management strategy.
Current research priorities are AI and machine learning.

Ramzi Ammari
Cryptocurrency Expert

Mr Ammari has a deep understanding of computer system hardware and software
systems. The software developed under his leadership is heavily used on Wall Street

Nasdaq. At present, he is Samsung’s Silicon Valley branch chief engineer, responsible for
the development of secret projects.

Jay Tang
Art Director and Operations

Jay Tang has over 10 years of experience in game and social platform. He co-founded
Narvalous and helped many Chinese games, such as Wartune, to dramatically increase
their revenue in Western market. Before Narvalous, Mr. Tang was art director at
Playdom and Disney Interactive.

Zhang Rui
Marketing Specialist

Nanjing University MBA. Senior game analyst. Previously, a deputy general manager of
Tiandizhihe Images .

Paul Philleo
PR / Event Expert

Former Nexon USA PR and Marketing Manager and well-known Bay Area game
industry and technology-focused content writer/editor and conference organizer.

Arthur Datangel
Business Development / PR

Former Tencent business development director, with over 20 years of video games and
mobile industry experience. In addition, he’s worked with Tencent, Samsung, Sega, Sony,
Nokia and Playmates Toy and participated in the distribution of over 100 products.

Advisory Team

Fan Zhang
Invester
Mr. Zhang was named “The Venture Capitalist of the Year 2007” by China Business
News, and voted as one of “Top Venture Capitalists in China” by Global Entrepreneurs
and ChinaVenture. In 2006 and 2007 Fan was selected as one of winners of the “Midas
List - Top Venture Capitalists in China” by Forbes magazine.

Hongcai Guo
Bitangel
A.k.a. “Bao Er Ye”. Founding partner of Bitangel, focused on angel investment in
cryptocurrencies and the blockchain industry. His portfolio spans over 500 startups and
is still growing.
Mr. Guo has been deeply involved across the full spectrum of the cryptocurrency
ecosystem. Thus, he has become renowned as the “the Bitcoin pioneer and messiah”.

Andy Tian
Asian Innovation Group
Successful serial entrepreneur (AIG, his fourth startup). Previously general manager of
Zynga China and while at Google, introduced Android to China. MIT BS & MA degrees in
computer science.

Yu Kai
Horizon Robot Company
CEO
Yu was the former vice president of Baidu Research Institute, director of the Deep
Learning Laboratory. As a "Thousand Talent Plan" national expert, Kai was the first to
promote the research and innovation of big data AI in China.

Andy Tian
Asia Innovations Group
CEO
Successful serial entrepreneur (AIG, his fourth startup). Previously general manager of
Zynga China and while at Google, introduced Android to China. MIT BS & MA degrees in
computer science.

Mark Hale
Cryptocurrency expert
Dr. Mark Hale invests in, owns, and sells a number of companies in cryptocurrencies,
payment systems and the mobile industry.

Masaru Ohnogi
Blockchain, VR/AR VC

Gumi's Head of Global Business Development. Established a $50 million virtual reality
fund. The fund is currently incubating VR companies in Tokyo, Seoul and Northern
Europe.

Jeongwoo Ko
Web Security, Search, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Expert
Dr. Ko holds Master's and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon
University. Currently a Google machine learning expert. Her research interests include
machine learning, cybersecurity, information retrieval, and machine language
processing. Prior to joining Google, she was responsible for cybersecurity and search at
Oracle Corp and LG Corp.

Wu Ping
V​enture capitalist and experienced executive

Dr. Wu Ping ​is the co-founder of Summitview Capital Venture Capital Funds.
Dr. Wu was the co-founder, president, CEO, and the chairman of Spread rum
Communications Inc, a Nasdaq listed leading fabless semiconductor provider in China
with advanced technology in 2G, 3G, and 4G standards.

Dilpreet Singh
Payment system technologist

Henry Lin
Game Marketing Specialist

Over 10 years of experience and building strong relationships in the gaming industry,
focusing on marketing and operations in the gaming market.

Jeff Kao
Advertising expert

Jeff has focused on Alibaba's e-commerce platform for many years as global marketing
strategic partner. He is also an experienced Facebook PMD (Preferential Marketing
Clerk) and Advertising Reseller.

8. SGC Token Release Plan
8.1 Purpose
The SGChain team has been able to continue investing in the SGChain platform for
R & D, global operations, team building, marketing, etc. in accordance with the
planned scale, through the first generation of tokens to raise the required Ethernet
and quantum chains for the project’s ongoing development and global operations.

8.2 SGChain Token Benefits
1. VOTING PRIVILEGES
Each user with SGChain Token can participate in the voting of future games that
can be launched to the SGChain platform via the Proof-of-stake (PoS) concept.

Token holders make a corresponding percentage of their votes based on the
amount of token they own. Voting can be done via the SGChain wallet.

2. PLATFORM COMMERCE
SGChain Token can be used as the currency of the game on all SGChain platforms.

3. GAME ICO
The SGChain Platform will introduce a large number of game developers to help
developers achieve game publication, distribution, in the game development,
testing, and online functionality at different stages to support developers to
complete the game.

8.3 SGChain Token Release Plan
Plans are to issue 20 billion SGChain Token in line with the ERC20 standard, then
switch to SGChain after SGC main chain on the line, of which 30% or 60 billion
tokens for this private placement and public offering, the total raise the target is:
Soft top: 20,000 ETH
Hard top: 60,000 ETH
SGChain ICO cost price:
1 ETH = 75000 SGChain Token. In addition we will provide some early get reward.
After the successful issuance, the SGChain Token will be on the international
mainstream exchange in the near future.

8.4.2 Fund Distribution
•

IDC & Security：10%
SGChain will provide the best gaming experience to global players. Since
the digital wallets is a major component of the platform, security will be our
number one priority that needs to be guaranteed;

•

Platform Development：40%
SGChain team will continuously improve the speed and reliability of the SGC
coin chain, it will also improve the performance, security, reliability, and fun
features of the platform；

•

Global operation：20%
SGChain team will relentlessly expand to the global market, and evolve into a
organic, healthy, self-sustaining ecosystem, that allows every player, every
developer, and every partner on the platform to thrive on this platform；

•

PR & Marketing：25%
SGChain will brand itself to be the home of all gamers, game developers, and
game content providers；

•

Legal and Administrative Cost：5%
SGChain will allocate dedicated budget on legal, finance and taxation,
accouting and auditing, etc. SGC is determined to comply to all relevant laws
and regulations.

8.5 Operational Stages
The SGChain platform will follow three stages of development planning:

Phase 1:
PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT STAGE
The SGC development team will be responsible for the development of the SGC
Token and SGC platforms.

SGC Token: SGC Token will initially be built on Ethereum. This will help the
platform expedite its time-to-market. The team will then build a new optimized and
efficient SGC blockchain based on the team's own research results.
SGC Platform: Achieve the MVP of the SGC platform and publish 1st party games
and select 3rd party games.

Phase 2:
OPEN OPERATIONS
The 2nd phase will focus on the operations of the platform. This will include
working with 3rd party developers to help them integrate SGC SDKs and APIs, user
acquisition and onboarding, and live operations.

Phase 3:
ECOSYSTEM DEVELOPMENT PHASE
With the rapid development of blockchain technology, SGChain platform will be
completely decentralized, and start the self-governing.

9. ​Disclaimer and Risk Statement
9.1 ​Disclaimer
Unless it is expressly stated in this white paper, SGChain does not make any
representations or warranties (especially with regard to its Marketability and
particular functionality) with respect to SGChain or SGChain Token. Participating in
SGChain Token's public sale plan and buying SGChain Token shall be based on their
own knowledge on SGChain and SGChain Token as well as the information in this

whitebook. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, all Participants will
accept SGChain Token as-is after the launch of the SGChain Project, regardless of
their technical specifications, parameters, performance or features.
SGChain platform hereby expressly refuse to recognize or assume the following
responsibilities:
Anyone who violates the anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing or other
regulatory requirements in any country while buying SGChain Token;
Anyone who violates the representations, warranties, obligations, undertakings or
other requirements of this White Paper while purchasing SGChain Token, and the
result in payment failure or withdrawal failure of SGChain Token;
The SGChain Token public sale program is abandoned for any reason;
Development of SGChain failed, was delayed or postponed, and as a result, the
delivery of SGChain Token was delayed or canceled;
Platform failures caused by technical issues such as loopholes, errors, flaws, crashes,
rollbacks, or hard forks in Ethereum or related blockchain source code;

The use of funds raised from public sale;
Any participant divulges, loses or destroys the cryptocurrency or token private key;
The breach of contract, violation, infringement, crashing, service termination or
suspension, fraud, misoperation, misconduct,mistake, negligence, bankruptcy,
liquidation, dissolution of third party trading platforms.
Anyone trading or speculating on SGChain Token;
SGChain Token being listed or delisted on any exchange;
SGChain Token is classified, or deemed to be, a currency, security, commercial paper,
negotiable instrument, investment or other things by any government, authority or
public body, that it becomes subject to regulation or legal restriction;

Any risk factors disclosed in this white paper, as well as any damages, losses, claims,
liabilities, penalties, costs or other adverse effects that result from or in connection
with these risk factors.

9.2 Risk statement

The SGChain development and operations team believes there are many risks in the
development, maintenance and operation of SGChain,some of which go beyond the
control of the SGChain development and operations team. Every prospective SGChain
Token buyer should read, understand and carefully consider the following risks before
participating in the public Sale Program.

Every SGChain Token buyer should be aware to the fact that while SGChain
development and operations principals are set up in the Cayman Islands, SGChain and
SGChain Token only ​exist within the cyberspace and do not have any physical form,
therefore they do not belong to or involve any particular country.

Participation in this public sale plan should be a well conceived decision，will be
deemed that the buyer has fully acknowledged and agreed to accept the following risks:
1) Termination of public sale program
The SGChain Token public sale plan may be terminated early, the buyer may only
receive a portion of the ​bitcoin or ether back due to the price fluctuation of those
currencies, and the cost to the SGChain team.
2) ​Insufficient disclosure
As of the date of this white paper release, SGChain is still under development, and
its philosophy, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical
details and parameters may be updated and changed frequently.

SGChain

development and operations team is not capable, and not obligated to keep the

participants informed of every detail of the development , including its progress and
expected milestones, whether postponed or not). So it does not necessarily give
buyers timely and full access to the development progress. Insufficient disclosure is
inevitable and reasonable.
3) Regulations
Cryptocurrencies and tokens are being or may be regulated by the authorities in
different countries. From time to time, SGChain development and operations team
may receive inquiries, notices, warnings, or orders from one or more authorities and
may even be ordered to suspend or terminate this public sale, SGChain
Development or SGChain Token. SGChain's development, marketing, promotion, or
this public sale plan may be seriously affected, or be terminated as a result. ​The
regulatory policy may change from time to time, the existing regulatory clearance
or tolerance for SGChain or this public sale plan in any country may be temporary.
In various countries, SGChain Token may be defined as a virtual commodity, digital
asset or even securities or currency at any time, so SGChain Token may be barred
from trading or holding in some countries as required by local regulatory
requirements. In various countries, SGChain Token may be defined as a virtual
goods, digital asset or even securities or currency at any time, so SGChain Token
may be barred from trading or holding in some countries as required by local
regulatory requirements.

4) Cryptography
Cryptography is ever evolving, it cannot guarantee absolute security at all time.
Advances in cryptography (such as password cracking) or technological advances
(such as the advancement of quantum computers) ​can put cryptography-based
systems, including SGChain, at risk. This may cause SGChain Token to be stolen,
destroyed or devalued. To the reasonable extent, SGChain development and
operations team will be prepared to take preventive or remedial measures to
upgrade SGChain's underlying protocols to cope with any progress in cryptography.

The future of cryptography and security innovation is unpredictable, SGChain
development and operations team will try its best to face the ever-changing field of
cryptography and security.

5) Development failure or give up
SGChain is still in the development stage, it is not a finished product. ​Due to the
technical complexity of SGChain systems, SGChain development and operations
team may face unpredictable difficulties. Therefore, the development of SGChain
may fail (for example, due to lack of funding), which may cause SGChain team fail to
deliver the tokens to any buyer in this public sale.
6) Theft
There may be attempts to steal funds received from the public sale. ​Such theft or
theft attempts may affect the SGChain development and operations team's ability
to fund SGChain development.Although the SGChain development and operations
team will adopt state-of-the-art technology to secure crowdfunding funds, some
cyber-theft is still hard to stop.
7) Source code flaws
No one can guarantee SGChain's source code completely flawless. ​Code may have
certain flaws, mistakes, errors, or bugs, which may prevent users from using certain
features, expose user information, or cause other problems. Such bug will
undermine the availability, stability or security of SGChain, and adversely affect
the value of SGChain Token.
8) Security weakness
SGChain blockchain rests on open-source software and is an permissionless
distributed ledger. Regardless of the SGChain Development and Operations team’s
efforts to keep the SGChain system secure, anyone may intentionally or
unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural
elements of SGChain that the security measures adopted by the SGChain

Development and Operations team will be unable to prevent or remedy. This may
consequently result in the loss of SGChain Token or other digital tokens held by the
purchaser.
9) ​Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack
The Ethereum is designed to be public and unpermissioned. Therefore Ethereum
may suffer distributed denial-of-service cyber-attacks from time to time. Such
attacks will adversely affect, stall, or paralyze the SGChain system. As a result, the
affected transactions may be delayed in recording or being added to the blocks of
the Ethereum blockchain, or they may not be performed at all temporarily.
10) Insufficient Processing Power
The rapid growth of the SGChain will be accompanied by a surge of transactions
and demand for processing power. If the demand for processing power exceeds
what the nodes of the Ethereum blockchain network can provide, the SGChain
network may destabilize or stall, which may result in fraudulent or erroneous
transactions such as “double-spending”. In the worst-case scenario, the SGChain
Token held by any purchasers may be lost, rolled back with the Ethereum
blockchain, or even hard forked. The aftermath of these events will undermine the
usability, stability, and security of the SGChain and the value of the SGChain Token.
11) Unauthorized Claim of Purchased SGChain Tokens
Anyone who gains access to the registered email or account of a SGChain Token
purchaser by deciphering or cracking the purchaser’s password will be able to
obtain all of the purchaser's SGChain Tokens. Consequently, the purchased
SGChain Tokens may be incorrectly sent to anyone who has access to the
purchaser’s registered email or account and is irrevocable. Each SGChain Token
purchaser shall take the appropriate precautions to maintain the security of their
registered email or account, such as: (i) use highly secure passwords; (ii) refrain
from opening or responding to scam emails; and (iii) keep confidential and personal
information strictly confidential.

12) SGChain Token Wallet Private Key
The loss or destruction of the private key necessary to obtain the SGChain Token is
irreversible. SGChain Token can only be accessed through a local or online SGChain
Token wallet with a unique set of public key and private key. Each buyer should
store his or her SGChain Token wallet private key with great care. The SGChain
Development and Operations team or anyone else will not be able to help recover
the lost private key in the event that the key is lost, compromised, destroyed, or
stolen.
13) ​Popularity
The value of SGChain Token largely depends on the popularity of the SGChain
platform. SGChain does not expect to be hugely popular or widely used shortly
after launch.

​In the worst case scenario, SGChain may even be marginalized,

attracting only a small group of users for a long time. The demand for SGChain
Token may be largly speculative. The lack of users may cause SGChain Token’s
market price fluctuate greatly and have impact on the long term development of
SGChain. In the event of such price fluctuations, the SGChain Development and
Operations team will not (nor be liable to) stabilize or influence the SGChain Token
market price.
14) Price fluctuations
Cryptocurrency tokens price ​typically fluctuate sharply when traded in the open
market. Price shocks occur frequently in short periods. The price may be valued in
Bitcoin, Ether, U.S. Dollar or other currencies.
Such price fluctuations may be caused by market forces (including speculative
trading), regulatory policy changes, technological innovations, the availability of
exchanges and other objective factors that also reflect changes in the supply demand balance.
The SGChain Development and Operations team is not responsible for SGChain
Token tradings in any secondary market. Therefore, the SGChain development and

operations team is not obliged to stabilize the price fluctuations of SGChain Token.
SGChain Token traders shall bear the risk involved in the trading.

