WHITEPAPER

v1.3

Remit Token (RMT) WhitePaper

An Ecosystem of Merchants
for Global Non-Cash
Remittances

CONTENTS
Disclaimer

1

Executive Summary

2

Problem

3

Remittance Market

4

Use of Remittances

4

Current Transaction Flow

5

Future Transaction Flow

6

Opportunity with Cryptocurrency

7

The SureGifts Network

8

The SureRemit Token

9

Why Blockchain

9

Stellar + SureRemit
Why Not BTC or ETH

10
11

SureRemit Features

12

Remittance Transaction Flow

13

User Acquisition

14

Customer Acquisition

14

Merchant Acquisition

14

Timeline

15

Token Sale Terms

16

Team

17
Investors

18

Advisors

19

Company

20

Conclusion

21

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

DISCLAIMER
THIS WHITE PAPER IS INTENDED TO PRESENT RELEVANT INFORMATION TO POTENTIAL REMIT PURCHASERS (PURCHASER) IN
CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED GENERATION AND SALE OF REMIT (TOKEN ISSUANCE), INCLUDING INFORMATION ABOUT
THE UNDERLYING SOFTWARE APPLICATION AND BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL USED TO CREATE AND DISTRIBUTE REMIT (REMIT
SMART CONTRACT) AND THE REMIT ECOSYSTEM (TOGETHER WITH THE REMIT SMART CONTRACT, THE REMIT PLATFORM). THE
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WHITE PAPER IS NOT INTENDED TO BE EXHAUSTIVE AND THE STATEMENTS INCLUDED IN
THIS WHITE PAPER ARE NOT INTENDED TO CREATE A CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP. NOTHING IN THIS WHITE PAPER SHALL
BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OF ANY SORT OR A SOLICITATION FOR INVESTMENT, NOR DOES IT IN ANY WAY
PERTAIN TO AN OFFERING OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION.

THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT COMPOSED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND IS NOT SUBJECT TO, LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF ANY
JURISDICTION WHICH ARE DESIGNED TO PROTECT INVESTORS. CERTAIN STATEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND FINANCIAL
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WHITE PAPER CONSTITUTE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION. SUCH
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES WHICH
MAY CAUSE ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE ESTIMATES OR THE RESULTS IMPLIED OR
EXPRESSED IN SUCH

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

1

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
1

There are about 250 million immigrants in the world sending over $600bn to support their friends and families back home every
year.2 The remittance market is a significant source of funding for many individuals and families across the world. Recipients of
remittances, particularly in emerging markets, rely on this income for basic needs like food, clothing, medicine, utility bill
payments, among other needs.
Immigrants face two significant challenges when executing cross-border and local money transfers:
Firstly, the cost of remittances is punitively high. Transferring money via banks and traditional international money transfers
operators could cost from 7-12% of the value transferred. Over the past decade, new digital remittance companies have
succeeded in reducing this cost, but the cheapest service could cost up to 4%. Their access-points or withdrawal channels can
also be difficult to interact with, especially by the unbanked population.

Secondly, over 40% of remittances are intended for specific uses like food, clothing, medicine, school fees or utility bill payments.
Senders want to ensure that their money is being utilized for its intended purpose, but this is not possible to control or monitor
with cash transfers, as cash creates opportunities for waste and diversion of funds. SureRemit removes the cash layer by
eliminating cash agents leveraging cryptocurrency.

The platform connects senders directly to the merchants that serve their recipients’ basic needs back home. A new token, Remit,
will enable senders to purchase digital vouchers (SureGifts) that can be delivered to billions of their recipients across the world
instantly via SMS or e-mail. These vouchers can be spent directly for goods and services from SureRemit’s ecosystem of partner
merchants within their community. The service will significantly reduce the cost of transfers, while ensuring that the recipient
receives the appropriate value as intended by the sender.

............................................................
1. United Nations Sustainable Development Blog
http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/blog/2016/ 01/244-million-international-migrants-living-abroadworldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/ ii
2. World Bank Migration & Development Brief
http://pubdocs.worldbank.org/en/6613014604004279 08/MigrationandDevelopmentBrief26.pdf

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

2

PROBLEM
The cost of remittances has been traditionally high. A $200 remittance to Latin America cost nearly 10 %, and some
COST

remittance corridors in places like Africa continue to have even higher fees. Remittances have such an important
role to play in the support of lives, that the cost of facilitating them has been a major strategic focus for multilateral
development organizations like the United Nations. The Sustainable Development Goals, effective from January
2016, includes a target to reduce the cost of remittances to less than 3% by 2030.

3

FIGURE 1:
8

10

6

UN Sustainable
Development Goal

4

5

FIGURE 2:
2

0

Avg. Remittance cost
as % of Amount Sent

Ac
ct
.t
o

Source: "Remittance
Prices Worldwide",
Issue No. 16, Dec '15,
World Bank;
Xoom/Paypal

15

Ac
ct
C
re
di
t/D
eb
Ac
it
ct
.t
o
C
M
as
ob
h
ile
Se
Pr
rv
ic
ep
e
ai
d
Se
rv
ic
D
e
oo
rt
o
D
oo
O
nl
r
in
e
Se
rv
ic
Xo
e
om
/P
ay
pa
l

Average remittance
price worldwide (2015)
as % of amount sent.

0
Global Average

Xoom/Paypal

SDG Goal

The time it takes to complete a remittance transaction via traditional or informal channels can range from 24-72
hours. The typical international money transfer requires loads of communication between the persons on either
TIME

end of it. They have to calculate exchange rates, synchronize amounts, collect personal details, agree on a transfer
method, and then confirm when the cash has been sent and received. The remittance process through an MTO
often begins with a sender delivering cash to a subagent of the MTO in the host country. Second, the subagent
transfers funds to the MTO agent through the domestic payments system. In the third step, the MTO agent orders
its bank to transfer funds from its domestic account to the overseas account of a partner, nonresident MTO agent.
Once the funds are credited to its account, the partner MTO agent requests that funds be credited to its subagent.
The subagent in the receiving country then, in a final step, delivers cash to the final beneficiary.4

Cash transfers are heavily regulated. Regulators requires verification of a person’s identity before delivering
financial services for anti-money laundering and fraud-reduction purposes. It is nearly impossible for a financial
IDENTITY

service provider to verify identity if a consumer has no government-issued identification. Approximately, 1.1
billion people globally do not have an officially recognized document to prove their identity.

5

Both formal and Informal remittance processes often involve cash pickups at unsafe locations. This exposes the
SECURITY

recipients and even the cash agents to theft and losses during the transportation and storing process. It also
encourages lack of liquidity at access points.
Senders have zero visibility into where and when their funds were used. The anonymity of cash makes diversion of

CONTROL

funds and fraud easy. Lack of control over the use of funds is one of the major problem expressed by immigrants.

............................................................
3. http://unstats.un.org/sdgs/files/metadata-compilation/Metadata-Goal-10.pdf
4. International Transactions for Remittances; Guide for Compilers, Users, Oct 2009, https://www.imf.org/external/np/sta/bop/2008/rcg/pdf/ch2.pdf
5. Identification for Development Global Dataset, World Bank, https://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/id4d-dataset

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

3

REMITTANCE MARKET
Remittances are a key contributor to global Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) in many countries and can stabilize household
income in the face of adverse income shocks. The Bank of Mexico reported that money sent home by Mexican immigrants was
6

nearly $ 24.8 billion in 2015, overtaking oil revenues as a source of foreign income for the first time. Remittances to Nigeria
exceed $20bn. Over 40 % of Somalis rely on remittances to meet basic daily needs.7Remittances tend to be a steady source of
earnings that don’t falter when other parts of a domestic economy might be affected.

FIGURE 3:
Survey results about use of remittances by 240 Respondents In Guyana

Business
8%

A survey on remittance recipients in Guyana shows that
Food
27%

Savings
14%

USE OF REMITTANCES

over 60% of funds sent home were intended for
consumptive purposes such as food, clothing, education
8

and health. Similarly, spending on those use-cases are
significant in other remittance corridors across the
world. This presents at least a $200bn market
opportunity for disruption.

Education
15%

For targeted remittances like these, the cash layer for
Clothing
20%
Real Estate
16%

transfer of value can be completely eliminated, thereby
removing the multiple dependencies required to
consummate cross-border cash transactions.

............................................................
6. Remittance to Mexico Reach Seven-Year High, Wall Street Journal, https://www.wsj.com/articles/remittances-to-mexico-reach-seven-year-high-1454438518
7. Remittance Transfers to Somalia; Keeping the Lifeline Open. https://www.imf.org/external/np/sta/bop/2008/rcg/pdf/ch2.pdf
8. The Development Impact of Remittances on Caribbean Economies; A Case for Guyana. https://sta.uwi.edu/conferences/salises/documents/Roberts%20D.pdf

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

4

CURRENT TRANSACTION FLOW
FIGURE 4:
Traditional remittance transaction flow, participants and requirements

SENDER

IMTO

Wallet

Licence

Bank

Payment Gateway

Card

Fiat Liquidity

Cash

Fraud

KYC/ID

Prevention/AML

BANK/SUPER-AGENT

SUB-AGENT

RECIPIENT

MERCHANT

Licence

Licence

KYC/ID

Inventory

Fiat Liquidity

Fiat Liquidity

Bank Account

Security

Security

Sender
Senders hold cash, debit/credit cards, bank accounts and mobile money wallets. They require any of these and fulfill the
elaborate KYC requirements of banks and international money transfer operators in order to fulfill regulatory requirements of
money transfers. The KYC requirements can also vary depending on the location of the sender.
International Money Transfer Operators (IMTO)
IMTOs facilitate the transfer of funds from one location to another. Licensed by the regulators and working with banks,
payment gateways and fraud detection services, they accept cash and transfer the equivalent value to the bank/super-agent
in the recipient location. IMTOs follow strict anti-money laundering, fraud and foreign exchange guidelines.
Bank/Super-agent
The banks provide the liquidity for local currency in the recipient location. The banks are licensed by local regulatory
authorities to facilitate the receipt and conversion of forex into local currency. The banks act as agents themselves, or work
with sub-agents to distribute cash to recipients. Recipients with bank accounts can also be paid directly into their accounts.
Sub-agent
The sub-agent is the primary interaction point for recipients looking to cash out. The sub-agents finances the float of local
currency that is used to settle the recipient. The sub-agent is typically licensed by the regulator as a "bureau-de-change", and
they have little or no control on the rates/pricing and speed of transaction.
Recipient
Banked recipients can receive cash into their bank accounts or mobile wallets, or they can visit an agent location to receive
cash. The recipient presents verification details to confirm both the sender and recipient details. Usually, a governmentissued ID is required to access the cash, and security of the cash is the responsibility of the recipient upon receipt.
Merchant
The merchant accepts cash as payment for goods and services.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

5

FUTURE TRANSACTION FLOW
FIGURE 5:
Remittance transaction flow leveraging cryptocurrency and digital payment vouchers

SENDER

RECIPIENT

MERCHANT

Wallet

Exchange

Mobile Phone

Inventory

Bank

Ledger

Voucher/Pin

Redemption

Card

System

Cash
Cryptocurrency

Sender
Senders hold cash, debit/credit cards, bank accounts, mobile money wallets. They simply need to acquire the Remit
cryptocurrency and use that to purchase vouchers with attributes such as merchants and value assigned. Elaborate KYC
requirements are not required to purchase closed-loop digital shopping vouchers.

Cryptocurrency
The Remit coin is the currency that is used to acquire digital shopping vouchers. The currency can be purchased with fiat or
with other cryptocurrencies.

Recipient
Recipients receive digital shopping vouchers on their mobile phones via e-mail or SMS. These vouchers are accepted by
merchants on the SureGifts network as payment for goods and services.

Merchant
Merchants can accept these digital vouchers via simple redemption systems. E-commerce merchants can implement the
SureGifts plugins or API for acceptance on their websites. Physical merchants can utilize the SureGifts redemption application
to verify and redeem digital vouchers. More sophisticated merchants can integrate SureGifts into their point-of-sale systems,
and the least sophisticated merchants can redeem the vouchers via USSD. Merchants are settled in fiat directly into their bank
accounts or mobile wallets for the value redeemed. With all the systems integrated, the sender can monitor and receive
confirmation of redemption at the merchant location.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

6

OPPORTUNITY WITH CRYPTOCURRENCY

SPEED
Digital transactions with the Remit coin can be completed in seconds regardless of where the sender and receiver are in the world.
There are more mobile phones than there are people in the world. A mobile app can enable remittances to be sent and received
instantly. Recipients can receive value via SMS or e-mail.

COST & FRAUD
With banks and other intermediaries removed from the remittance process, the senders of value can connect their recipients directly to
the merchant where the value resides. Transaction costs will be reduced to the minimum. Lowering of remittance costs could increase
9

remittance volumes and lift over 30 million more people out of poverty according to the UN. Fraud is also a major factor impeding the
deployment of platforms such as SureRemit on existing debit/credit card services. Since deliveries are instant, chargeback risk from
credit card theft is greater. Utilizing Remit tokens exclusively enables us to accept a currency whose ownership we can verify and trust.

CONVENIENCE
Remittance services can be available 24-hours a day. There is transparency of pricing and no surprises or fear of loss at the destination.
Without the cash layer, elaborate KYC requirements for basic remittances are relaxed. The counter-party risk is also removed, since there
are no banks or agents required to provide liquidity on the receiving end.

............................................................
9. Digital Remittances: Enhancing Financial Health for Families around the World.
https://www.paypalobjects.com/digitalassets/c/website/marketing/global/shared/global/media-resources/documents/digital-remittances.pdf

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

7

THE SUREGIFTS NETWORK
SureGifts began to acquire local merchants to build acceptance for its digital vouchers in 2014. SureGifts generates digital
vouchers that it distributes, and provides both e-commerce and physical merchants with the technology to accept them.

Since 2014, over 300 partner merchants have been on-boarded onto the platform. These merchants offer a variety of services,
from food and groceries, to fashion, electronics and home appliances. Other merchant offer services such as therapy and
wellness, cinema experiences, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, education, and many more. SureGifts vouchers can also currently
be used for over 100 utility bills across Nigeria, Kenya and Rwanda. These bills include mobile phone airtime and data, electricity,
water, toll and even flight tickets. The goal is to achieve a scale within the merchant network that will enable recipients across the
world to have immediate access to any product or service from a merchant within their local community.

This ensures that not only do recipients receive full value from their loved ones abroad, the value will also be utilized to boost
economic activity by increasing business for local merchants.

Merchants can opt-in to accept SureGifts vouchers via multiple channels. Any merchant with a smartphone can complete
redemptions via our SureGifts Redemption Application. Larger merchants can deploy a robust point-of-sale device, and ecommerce merchants across most cart systems like Magento, Woocommerce, OpenCart, CSCart etc. can install the SureGifts
plugin and begin to accept digital vouchers. Merchant settlement will be done in local currency to the merchant bank or mobile
wallet account.

Over 80,000 redemptions of SureGifts vouchers have already been completed by >25,000 recipients across partner merchants in
our existing markets.

300+
An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

8

THE SUREREMIT TOKENS
The SureRemit token (RMT) is an utility token built on the Stellar Network, designed to be used by immigrants and
customers within the SureRemit platform. Following this standard, SureRemit tokens are easily transferable between users
and can be supported by wallets and exchanges that already support Stellar lumens.

Within the SureRemit ecosystem, the Remit token (RMT) will be used internally to access vouchers and pay bills for
targeted remittances. Immigrants and customers in general will be able to select the country they want to send value,
search for the right merchant in a category and create an order for a voucher to be delivered to the recipient via SMS or
Email, and pay in RMT token. Once the order is received, the token will be frozen until the voucher is sent from the
SureRemit system. When that happens, the token is transferred to SureRemit. In the future, we hope to activate the direct
acceptance of RMT tokens by the ecosystem partners, which they can in turn convert to Fiat, this will make token transfer
happen directly to merchant’s balance.

WHY BLOCKCHAIN
Payment Processing

Most global payment gateways refuse to process payments for remittance companies or impose unreasonable costs and
restrictions due to regulatory requirements to prevent money laundering and the funding of other criminal activities., The
blanket refusal to entertain remittance technology innovators affects companies such as SureRemit, even though the
service is focused on non-cash remittances. Blockchain and the use of cryptocurrencies allow anyone to take advantage of
our platform and get the help needed to friends and family anywhere they are in the world.
Reducing Frictional Costs
Traditional methods of transferring capital incur relatively high transactional costs (often up to 12% along with flat fees
regardless of transaction size) due to banks and other financial intermediaries having to address counter-party risk and
settlement or clearing costs. Using RMT significantly reduces these costs, especially if users engage in a large amounts of
relatively small payments.

Creating a System of Record
The blockchain ledger is a publicly-verifiable record that can be used to confirm that vouchers purchased or bills paid on
our system have been delivered and redeemed for their purpose. Immigrants using our platform will have confidence that
vouchers have been redeemed for what they were purchased for, with a dependable system-of-record always available as
an accounting of their usage.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

9

SureRemit will be leveraging the Stellar platform for the issuance of RMT tokens. Stellar is a highly sophisticated and
secure platform that's trusted by major banks and reputable companies such as IBM and Deloitte. Development and
management of proprietary blockchain solutions carry certain security risks that the Stellar platform protects against. The
SureRemit concept development, ecosystem and solution is also matured, and developing on Stellar will enable us to
focus resources on marketing, and expanding acceptance across our target remittance corridors. The concept of
SureRemit is clear and simple; we require an equally clear, simple and yet sophisticated platform to manage Remit tokens.

Also, immediate and continuous liquidity is essential for the success of the SureRemit platform. There is existing business
activity that we will transition into the system, thereby requiring an immediate exchange for RMTs issued. Stellar facilitates
the issuance and trading of tokens on its decentralized exchanged immediately, while we negotiate partnerships with
other exchanges.

Our product is focused on remittances, an industry where cost is one of the most significant pain-points. Our mission is to
bring the cost of targeted remittances to the bare minimum, and Stellar's low-cost, high-volume transaction model makes
them ideal for transacting RMT tokens. Further, Stellar is focused on developing countries which constitute the majority of
the remittance corridors that we are targeting. Stellar is committed to boosting access and supporting people in these
markets with platforms and solutions to help them exchange value conveniently. Their core mission aligns with ours.

SECURITY

COST

Atomic transactions on Stellar are comprised of simple,

Transaction fees are negligible on Stellar (.00001 XLM ~=

declarative operations leading to more auditable code

$0.0000002). 10 XLM/offer deposit (refunded when offer

and fewer security pitfalls. Ethereum relies on Turing

filled or canceled). No gas fee for computations. The cost

complete programming capabilities, which produces

of transactions on Ethereum depends on complexity of

less auditable code and greater risk of exploitable

computation, speed of transaction, and fiat value of

vulnerabilities.

11

ether. The median cost for a transfer is $0.094

SPEED

PHILOSOPHY

It takes 5 seconds to process on Stellar compared with

Stellar's mission aligns with SureRemit's to provide better

3.5 minutes on Ethereum.

and innovative financial services to the underserved
markets.

............................................................
11. Using Stellar for ICOS. https://www.stellar.org/blog/using-stellar-for-ico/

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

10

WHY NOT BTC OR ETH?
Ethereum utilizes GAS to execute transactions on the Ethereum blockchain. Transaction fees continue to rise with no
decline in sight in light of the increasing number of ICOs using the platform alongside a growing market capitalization, as
iis also the case with BTC. A low-cost transaction model is one of the fundamental philosophies of SureRemit, and any
cost-intensive platform or model is a deal-breaker. By generating RMT Token that interacts exclusively with the SureRemit
platform, we can achieve a few key benefits:

Reduced sensitivity to other crypocurrencies

Cryptocurrencies and blockchain will continue to disrupt transactional models and eventually become mainstream;
however, we believe there is a potentially significant risk in placing the economy of SureRemit and betting its future on
another token/coin. SureRemit has already developed a closed economy to create a stable demand and supply side. This
means that the network and token can grow at its own pace and its fundamental will be determined by users utilizing the
platform to satisfy common, stable and predictable needs.
Aligned incentives
RMT Tokens are exclusively for non-cash remittances via a 'handshake' between senders and merchant partners.
Participants in the network have their incentives aligned, and as a result of this singular goal, SureRemit can target its
marketing and expansion efforts to improve utility, liquidity and efficiency within the network.

Exposure Management

Volatility is a major concern with cryptocurrency; as mentioned above, it is important for the SureRemit platform to be
reasonably insulated from dynamics and market forces that affect other cryptocurrencies, while still enabling seamless
exchangeability. RMT is intended to be a transactional token, and it is uncertain whether or not the future of BTC or ETH
will be as a store of value, or as the high-velocity payment instrument that RMT needs to be.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

11

SUREREMIT FEATURES

Access instant digital shopping vouchers
for retail stores across the world.
Connect your Stellar wallet and
access your RMT token in app.
Instantly pay 100s of Utility bills
directly using your tokens.

Send Airtime across 550
operators in 135 countries.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

12

REMITTANCE TRANSACTION FLOW

ACTOR

ACTION

TOOLS

Acquire Remit (RMT) tokens with cash,

Crypto wallet or exchange/Debit or

debit/credit cards bank accounts or other

Credit Cards/Mobile Money

cryptocurrencies. The Remit token will be

Wallets/Bank Accounts

available on the Stellar Decentralized
Sender

Exchange and other popular and local
cryptocurrency exchanges.

Utilize Remit tokens to purchase utility or

SureRemit mobile application and

merchant-specific vouchers. Vouchers

website

have attributes that satisfy the sender
such as location, product category,
expiration dates etc., and they are
delivered instantly to recipient phone via
e-mail or SMS.

Recipient

The recipient receives an e-voucher and

SureGifts Merchant Redemption

visits the specified merchant location to

App/USSD application/E-commerce

redeem for merchandise or services.

redemption plugins/Third-party

Vouchers are redeemed via a mobile app

redemption systems

or on e-commerce websites, or whatever
adopted redemption mechanism.

Upon redemption of vouchers, merchant

Crypto wallet or exchange/Debit or

receive Remit tokens which they can hold or

Credit Cards/Mobile Money

exchange for other cryptocurrencies or fiat,

Wallets/Bank Accounts

or elect to receive fiat directly via a
Merchant

SureRemit-brokered local settlement
process.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

13

USER ACQUISITION
CUSTOMER ACQUISITION

Customers in this instance are the senders or value abroad and the beneficiaries locally. Marketing efforts
will be targeted at both sides. On the beneficiaries' side, they will have access to systems that enable
them to request a voucher from a sender abroad. The sender will receive a prompt (via e-mail, SMS or inapp) with the voucher request, and they can easily respond by issuing a voucher. This is particularly
effective for utility bill payments where the request can be made such that the sender can pay the bill
directly with their Remit tokens, without even having to issue a voucher to the beneficiary first. This is
made possible by multiple integrations to utility service providers across our target corridors.
We believe the product has strong network effects and the utility of the product will encourage effective
word-of-mouth. However, we will acquire diaspora customers by leveraging on digital marketing
channels, including online and offline diaspora communities, social media and other digital marketing
tools. We believe that our ability to eliminate the top 2 largest pain point for remittances will create a
viral effect for SureRemit, ensuring that the platform is continually utilized and liquidity is provided. Local
peer-to-peer gifting and existing corporate rewards and loyalty programs that are already utilizing
SureGifts vouchers will also transact using the same utility token, thereby ensuring consistent demand.

MERCHANT ACQUISITION

Over the past 5 years, we have worked with merchants in developing countries to understand the
incentives that work for them, their processes, technology limitations and motivating factors for
accepting new payments instruments. These merchants are generally incentivized by the opportunity to
boost their sales without additional marketing efforts on their part, as well as the opportunity to benefit
from a large flow of funds that they would otherwise have a less direct access to.

Local merchants are typically excited to participate in the global/broader economy and are willing to
accept new instruments of payment that will facilitate that. Their biggest concern is trust in the payment
system provider; SureGifts (and its partner companies in markets where its not operational) have been
able to build that over the years, while successfully deploying localized solutions for redemption. For
example, voucher redemptions can be done over MPesa (an ubiquitous mobile money service) in Kenya.
Localized redemption systems, regulatory compliance for prepaid instruments and guaranteed
settlements make merchant acquisition possible. There are currently hundreds of in-bound merchant
integration requests in Nigeria, Kenya, Rwanda, Argentina, Ghana Ivory Coast and South Africa.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

14

TIMELINE

SureGifts Launched in Nigeria
Jan 2014

Reached 100 Redemption Points
Aug 2014

Launched in Kenya
Jul 2015
Crossed 500 Redemption Points
Nov 2015
Crossed 50,000 Transactions
Jan 2016
Joined 500 Startups
Jul 2016
Expanded to Rwanda
Sep 2016

White-Paper Release

SureRemit Concept Development & Research
Dec 2016

Oct 2017
Pre-Sale
Dec 2017

Token Generation Event
Jan 2018

Beta App Release
Mar 2018

Expansion into Middle East & India
Full App Release
Q2 2018

Expansion into LATAM
Q4 2018

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

15

TOKEN SALE TERMS

This token sale event allows participants to contribute
to SureRemit and receive RMT tokens. RMT tokens will

Community
5%

FIGURE 6:
Token Distribution

Team & Advisors
10%

be required to utilize SureRemit. RMT tokens are not an
equity representation of the company.

KEY DATES

Public Sale
50%

Pre-sale starts: December 8, 2017
Pre-sale ends: January 5, 2018

Company
35%

Crowd-sale starts: January 10, 2018
Crowd-sale ends: February 10, 2018
Legal & Ops
10%

Total Token Supply: One Billion RMT Tokens
One $RMT = $0.02

Merchant Exp.
35%

Tech Development
25%

Accepted: XLM, ETH, BTC, LTC
Marketing
30%

GUARANTEED TOKEN DEMAND

200+

Over 200 local and international
companies already use SureGifts
vouchers to power their employee and
consumer reward programs in different
markets. Once SureRemit is launched,
transactions will be processed via RMT
tokens, guaranteeing demand and
building value.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

16

TEAM

Adeoye Ojo is co-founder managing

Zeeshan Mallick is Chief Marketing

Babafemi Lawal is co-founder

Sales Operations at SureRemit.

Officer at SureRemit. Zeeshan has

managing technology operations at

Previously led Business Intelligence

extensive experience leading digital

SureRemit. Previously led Business

for Marketing at Rocket Internet's

marketing efforts across the world for

Intelligence at Rocket Internet's

Jumia, and worked as E-Commerce

brands like Orange, Microsoft,

Jumia, and Commercial Planning at

Consultant at UBA, one of Africa's

Ericcson, Barclays Bank, and most

Samsung.

leading Banks.

recently, blockchain startup Humaniq.

Chief Digital Officer at SureRemit.

Chief Admin Officer at

Michael Adeyeri is a Software Engineer at

Rayane Hocine is an advisor to

SureRemit. Serafima Semkina was

SureRemit. He is currently working on

blockchain startup, Humaniq. He is a

previously the Chief Admin Officer at

SureRemit mobile applications and

Cryptocurrency investor & marketer.

blockchain startup, Humaniq, where

integrations. He's developed award-

Currently writing a book about

she managed internal operations, HR

winning applications & viral media assets,.

blockchain & cryptocurrencies for

and community functions.

He was also Software Engineer at Jumia

beginners.

'Laolu Samuel-Biyi is co-founder and
manages Remittance partnerships at
SureRemit. Senior Consultant at
Venture Garden Group, & led Business
Intelligence for Production &
Purchasing at Rocket Internet's Jumia.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

17

ADVISORS

Nathan Windsor is a blockchain

Charlene Chen is COO at BitPesa,

Eray Altili is Information Technology

consultant at Macroscape Inc., using

Africa's largest blockchain company. 10

Architech at the United Nations, where

blockchain to bring down compliance

years of private sector and social sector

he was the Blockchain community

& transaction cost in multiple verticals.

experience with internet startups,

leader and evangelist.He's also worked

He is a serial entrepreneur and

Fortune 500 companies to international

as IS engineer and Senior Engineer at

Engineering mentor.

non-profits. MBA, UC Berkeley Haas.

NATO and IBM in Europe and the US

Maomao is the COO at Kora

Dickson Nsofor is CEO at blockchain

Foundation, an infrastructure for

infrastructure company, Kora

inclusive financial systems via the

Foundation. He was previously VP of

blockchain. He has broad experience

Business Development at Humaniq

with AI Sales and Implementation at

and lectures on Blockchain for

Neurensic and Capco Digital.

Finance at INSEEC.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

18

INVESTORS

Founded by Pule Taukobong and

500 Startups are one of the world's

Founded by Glad Dibetso, West

Pardon Makumbe, CRE.vc are early

most prolific investors, with over

Africa CEO of Dimension Data and

investors in African company,

3,000 companies backed globally.

Charles Molapisi, CEO of MTN

Flutterwave and Software

500 Startups portfolio companies

Zambia.

Development Company, Andela.

include CreditKarma, Remind,
Talkdesk and Udemy.

Uzoma Dozie

Greenhouse Capital is the

Founded by Aadil Mamujee, VP of

Uzoma Dozie is the CEO of

investment arm of Venture Garden

Products at Segovia Technologies.

Diamond Bank, one of Africa's

Group. Greenhouse invest in

Musha Ventures portfolio includes

leading banks.

trailblazing Fintech companies

Pocket Gems, M-Kopa and

across Africa such as Appzone,

Branch.co

Mines.io and Flutterwave.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

19

COMPANY
Remit tokens are being generated and held by Greenhouse Investment Holding Company (Greenhouse) on behalf of
token holders. Greenhouse is a GBC 1 company incorporated in Mauritius and operating under Mauritian law, and are
investors in SureGifts. Greenhouse will assist with providing governance services for the ICO in the short term and the
SureGifts company in the long term. Other than explicitly stated in this White Paper, Greenhouse does not provide the
services associated with SureGifts.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

20

CONCLUSION
There are over 250 million immigrants across the world sending over $600bn every year. If they were a country, they will
be the 5th largest in the world. The remittance community and economy is one of the most vibrant and productive, and
millions of people across the world depend on migrants for survival. Over 40% of remittances are intended to support
friends and family with basic needs like food, clothing, medicine and utility bill payments. However, the process of
transferring value across borders to achieve these purposes are needlessly difficult and expensive.

SureRemit is leveraging blockchain technology to
connect senders of value across the world directly to
the merchants that provide the goods and services
needed by recipients back home.

An Ecosystem of Merchants for Global Non-Cash Remittances

21

