S WA R M F U N D
The Blockchain for Private Equity

The first globally live security token platform,
coming to market by tokenizing funds
and other assets

White Paper
April, 2018 / V0.91
Contents of the white paper are subject
to changes and improvements.

Abstract
Swarm’s governance-first model has been designed to bring $1
trillion in real assets into the blockchain world by creating a
platform for regulatory engagement and a fully compliant legal
container for highly profitable and scalable investments.
As with other highly successful network models like Visa, our
infrastructure is fully accessible and entirely governed by its
community members. We use a token-based, stake-weighted,
liquid democracy system to provide both an early adopter incentive
and input into long-term decision making. This is augmented by a
reputational system, which helps streamline capital deployment
and allow a fusion of human and artificial intelligence.
We launch with multiple partner funds (distressed real estate, art,
renewables, hedge funds) who have already deployed $100mm+
with 30+% IRR and team members who have built platforms
that handle over $20B in transactions per month. Our market
infrastructure allows funds to automate creation, fundraising,
deployment, distribution, and reporting via a process language
that is an enhancement of currently available smart contract
technology.

2

Disclaimer
The attached white paper is meant to describe Swarm’s currently
anticipated plans for developing its business and its SWM Tokens.
Nothing in this document should be treated or read as a guarantee
or promise of how Swarm’s business will develop or of the utility
or value of SWM; the document outlines our current plans, which
could change at our discretion, and the success of which will
depend on many factors outside our control, including marketbased factors and factors within the cryptocurrency industries,
among others.1
Any statements about future events are based solely on our
analysis of the issues described in this document, and our analysis
may prove to be incorrect.
Purchasing SWM is subject to many potential risks, some of which
are described in this paper, and some of which are provided in
the FAQ on SWM Tokens and the Token Offering and in the risk
disclosures for the Token Offering. These documents, along with
additional information about our business and the SWM, are
available on our website.1 Purchasers of SWM could lose all or
some of the value of the funds used to purchase SWM.

1 Make sure to review:
https://docs.swarm.fund/swarm-otc-risk-disclosures.pdf
https://docs.swarm.fund/swarm-otc-token-term-sheet.pdf

3

1. INTRODUCTION

5

1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4

5
6
7
8

Overview
The Ultimate Value Proposition
Current Investment Drawbacks
Mission Statement: Why We Created Swarm Fund

2. SWARM INNOVATIONS

10

2.1 Liquid Democracy

10

3. SWARM TOKEN

13

3.1 Two-tiered Token Model
3.2 Token Utility and Value

13
14

4. SWARM PLATFORM MODEL

20

4.1 Swarm Layers
4.2 Platform Components

20
22

5. SWARM APPLICATIONS

25

5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.5

25
26
26
26
27

Characteristics of Pilot Asset Classes
Crypto Hedge Fund
Distressed Real Estate
Solar Installations
Purpose-driven Funding Pools

6. TOKEN OFFERING

28

6.1 Token Offering in Brief
6.2 Token Allocation

28
28

7. ROADMAP

29

7.1 Key Activities
7.2 Finances
7.3 Development Roadmap

29
30
31

8. LEADERSHIP

32

8.1
8.2
8.3
8.4
8.5

32
35
36
36
37

Core Team
Capital Market Advisors
Technology Advisors
Governance and Organizational Design Advisors
Partners

9. LEGAL INNOVATIONS
10. MEDIA COVERAGE
11. REFERENCES

38
40
41

4

1. Introduction

1.1 OVERVIEW
The Swarm Fund team plans to help the
crypto world grow to $1 trillion by bringing
tokenized real-world assets through partner
funds.

Swarm is building technology bottom-up, with
a fully operational liquid democracy platform
for making key decisions related to investment
opportunities on Swarm.

The Swarm Fund team has managed $10B in
portfolios and built platforms which handle
$25B of monthly deal flow and already has
several pre-selected funds which generate
30+% IRR through scalable models powered
by artificial intelligence.

Our technology and blockchain co-op model
will likely also be useful for other industry
verticals besides finance.
People should participate if they believe in the
value proposition of democratizing finance,
collaborative ownership, high returns, and the
soundness of both the team and technology.

Swarm token holders will govern the platform
in which all of this will happen and receive
additional tokens on the private blockchain.
This will allow them to participate in all of the
subfunds.
This system is designed to be adaptable
for full regulatory compliance in multiple
jurisdictions. The corridor between the public
and private blockchain tokens is additionally
designed to be fully AML/KYC compliant and to
follow the model of existing exchanges.

5

Swarm goes beyond the typical ICO approach:
Standard ICO Approach

Swarm Approach

Utility token on public blockchain

Utility token on public blockchain, and unlimited
security tokens on private blockchain

Unclear underlying value

Sub-tokens backed by existing highly profitable
sub-funds holding real assets

Single Swiss nonprofit foundation

Seven inter-networked legal entities in different
jurisdictions united by one platform co-op

Unclear relation with regulators

Direct relationships with regulators in multiple
jurisdictions and organized legal conferences with
extremely positive responses

Prototype product or no product

Working alpha product of utility layer and private
blockchain asset structure

No governance

Liquid democracy model on foundation level as
well as for each security token separately – allows
users to vote on any kind of issue

No experience delivering product

Team includes two previous CEOs with proven
track records building and selling companies and
private equity domain experience

Token value is derived from velocity of token transfer

Token value is derived from functioning as “gas” of
all fund operations and token transactions on the
network

Unknown or non-existent AML/KYC

Fully compliant investor qualification (AML/KYC,
etc.) through private blockchain implementation
fully implementing local jurisdictions  

1.2 THE ULTIMATE VALUE
PROPOSITION

Additionally, peer-to-peer models are a
perfect substrate for the utilization of artificial
intelligence and a much higher degree of
automation in general. Peer-to-peer models
combined with models of cooperative
ownership also allow a high degree of
resistance to abuse of big data, as well as
integration with other governance systems to
offset any potential abuses.

From the standpoint of organizational
design, Wall St. is a collection of archaic
incentive models waiting for a fully peerto-peer organization to disintermediate and
redistribute the wealth that is monopolized by
a small group of insiders. Wall St. insiders are
able to manipulate market prices by creating
artificial scarcity and promoting fear and
ignorance of other models.

Systems are a product of their incentives. If
the existing Wall St. model has incentives for
protectionism and hierarchy, Swarm Fund
has incentives for early identification of talent
and rewards that proportionally follow high
performance.

Peer-to-peer models consistently beat
protectionist monopoly-based models
because they directly incentivize top
performers rather than creating multiple levels
of opaque hierarchy, and because they layer
dynamically-generated reputation on top of
these models.

6

1.3 CURRENT INVESTMENT
DRAWBACKS

Meanwhile, tokens that store digital value are
breaking into the mainstream investment
landscape as a new asset class in which
to allocate investment capital. This is
largely driven by an increasing awareness
of the extreme returns generated by the
early investors in this category. But for the
mainstream investor, this new asset class
presents challenges; namely, the workflow
basics of navigating trading, and maintaining
asset security.

Crypto Asset Holders
The investment landscape for crypto asset
holders is largely limited in choice to either
a selection of established crypto currencies,
(e.g. Bitcoin, Ether, Ripple etc.) or a selection
of more recently issued tokens (i.e. altcoins).
While overall crypto asset developments are
extremely positive, both asset categories have
significant challenges associated with them
from an investment perspective.
◆◆ For Bitcoin and Ether, volatility is a major
factor. Holding a significant portfolio of
Bitcoin and Ether implies that the net asset
value fluctuates by a significant percentage
on a monthly basis. As an investment, this
could be desired, but for the purpose of
predictable preservation of value, it is highly
undesirable.
◆◆ For investment in altcoins, the challenges
are primarily related to the evaluation of
assets prior to investment, and lack of
liquidity post investment. It is also difficult
for many investors to clearly understand the
market dynamics of the coins.
◆◆ Although the two million crypto asset
transactions every week between people,
businesses, and charities suggest a
significant value exchange, the grand
question of the intrinsic value of Bitcoin and
its peers remains.1

Market Problems in Traditional Investing
Over the last 15 years, a simple S&P 500 index
fund outperformed 92% of large-cap funds.
Meanwhile, the percentages of mid-cap and
small-cap funds lagging their benchmarks
were 95% and 93%, respectively. The odds of
an actively-managed domestic equity mutual
fund performing better than an index fund are
nearly as bad as 1 out of 20.2
Finding products with high investment return
is a challenge, which increases as the target
return increases. The marquee products
offering more than 10% returns are invariably
hard to access (Bridgewater generally requires
that its clients have a minimum of $5 billion of
investable assets3).
Take real estate as an example. Investors

Bridge to the New Financial World
“Look, this is a perfect asset for a speculative bubble…There is a finite supply. There is no intrinsic value. If anybody is persuading you that it should somehow be related to
some GDP or gold…put down the Kool-Aid and back away.” Henry Blodget, founder and CEO of Business Insider, on CNBC’s Squawk Alley
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-funds-beat-the-sp-than-we-thought-2017-04-24
3
https://www.elitetrader.com/et/threads/so-you-want-bridgewater-to-manage-your-money-there-is-one-small-condition.290936/
1

2

7

mostly face three major challenges:
◆◆ The most exciting deals are for insiders only;
accessing them requires working through
middlemen that are costly, sometimes
untrustworthy, and who often only operate
locally.
◆◆ Large amounts of money are required to
participate in the best opportunities.
◆◆ Worst of all, investment is often tied down
for an indefinite amount of time.
Combinations of these challenges are part of
any traditional investment product category,
e.g. private equity and hedge funds.

Core Objective: Follow The Experts
Swarm allows experts to run their own
syndicates and have other crypto investors join
them in projects and deal opportunities, with
no middlemen involved.
We are building an ecosystem of experts with
any kind of edge (track record, trading ability,
unique data, unique deal access, etc.) in order
to allow crypto investors to follow and coinvest with them.
This changes the mechanics of the traditional
fund/GP model, as investments can be as
large or small as the investor wants them to
be, and they can operate the fund structures
very flexibly. Also, it breaks up the syndicates
of gatekeepers and rigid structures of
institutional capital as it is deployed today.

1.4 MISSION STATEMENT:
WHY WE CREATED SWARM FUND
Swarm is a fully decentralized capital Swarm
is a fully decentralized capital marketplace
platform built on blockchain technology that is
entirely owned by the community.
Our vision is to allow anyone, anywhere in the
world, to participate in value creation within
the crypto asset category and to capture
opportunity in new types of asset-backed
tokens, including in real estate, hedge funds,
solar installations, and many more.
Swarm transforms financial opportunities from
exclusive to inclusive. We provide access and
tradability so that anyone can take part and
have their crypto funds work for them.
With Swarm, we will:
◆◆ Make it extremely simple for hands-off or
novice crypto investors to participate in a
composite of wealth creation resulting from
utilizing the crypto space.
◆◆ Create a viable framework and hub for
crypto investors to invest into alternative,
asset-backed token opportunities, in order
to escape market volatility.
◆◆ Introduce a new alternative liquidity hub for
project owners with attractive underlying
economics to find capital and engage with
the investor community.

Core Objective: Combine Token Flexibility
With Real Opportunities
Crypto investors have appreciated the
flexibility and immediate market-making
function that tokenization has introduced.
Tokens and their underlying smart contracts
represent the ultimate opportunity for two
parties to come together and interact without
middlemen. One benefit is the freedom to
trade or co-own tokens. That is the freedom
we want to bring to any kind of asset.
When a participant likes an opportunity
running on Swarm, they will be able to pool
funds together with others and invest as little
or as much as they want in order to realize the
project and see the opportunity grow.
At the same time, all projects become
tradable, asset-backed tokens. Participants
can buy or sell these tokens whenever they
want; they decide how long to engage. All
trades are made using blockchain technology,
making them fast, transparent, and secure.

8

Core Objective: Collective Intelligence
We believe in the swarm intelligence hypothesis that decentralized networks
can out-compete traditional centralized entities, and that the trust and
transparency embedded in blockchains greatly facilitates this.
The foundational element of the blockchain is data transparency, which
provides a basis for an unprecedented degree of machine-driven methods to
generate insights and take actions.
Ultimately, with Swarm we envision a degree of investment automation that
helps participants make informed and data-driven investment decisions,
while using reputational scores to maintain the health of the market. Our
automation can go even further, to where every step of the investment
process, from workflows to establishment of legal structures, will eventually
be automated, creating an efficient system without single points of failure or
control.

With Swarm we envision an unseen
degree of investment automation.

9

2. Swarm Innovations

2.1 LIQUID DEMOCRACY

Swarm employs an enhanced voting stake
process. The enhanced voting stake makes use
of a locking period and is a proposed addition
to the stake-weighted liquid democracy
(which does not allow tokens to be traded for
a certain period). This can also allow a person
to have a proportionally higher voting weight
if they have a provable long-term stake in the
network.

Network Democracy as Liquid Democracy
Network democracy is a stake-weighted
delegated voting system (liquid democracy)
that also provides options for enhanced stake
and programmable liquidity.
Stake-weighted means that voting power is
directly proportional to the amount of stake
you have in a project. In the blockchain world,
this is typically called your ”tokens” or ”coins.”
In the world of stock, this would be called your
”stock” or ”shares.”
Liquid democracy involves ”delegated voting”
and implies that a user can delegate their
vote to another party at any point, for as long
a duration as they desire. This allows users to
maintain a degree of control without having
to participate in minute decision making.
This is in some ways similar to the decision
an investor makes when they give someone
capital for a project; the key distinction is that
in a liquid democracy, the investor retains
control of the capital.
Stake-weighted liquid democracy is a highly
flexible governance model that accommodates
any structure, from one-member-one-vote, to
traditional corporate arrangements, to novel
forms of collectives. It also appropriately
incentivizes the many different types of
possible contributions to a network (code,
community contributions, funding) and
allows for both decision-making capability
and rewards. It also integrates with other
automated decision-making structures, such
as futarchy.

Traditional model:

A funding pool is an organization governed by
network democracy that distributes funds. It
can be structured similarly to an investment
fund, in which case it seeks opportunities
or some other purpose (e.g., advocacy,
education). Funds that go into any funding pool
can be allocated by a higher-level network
democracy or received independently.
A key element of the Swarm Platform is the
use of tokenized assets. Swarm may be used
to govern other real-world assets, such as real
estate and other tokenized elements derived
from classic investment vehicles. Specific
details of these deal opportunities are made
available to members of the network.

10

Swarm Platform as a Representation of Holonic Principles

as a positive one is important for separating
signal from noise (an example of a similar
problem being Facebook fake news). As with
other open networks, it has an open-access
policy and the nature of the endorsements is
pseudonymous.

Trust Network
The trust network is made up of many
independent trust endorsements (i.e. vectors),
which create accountability and allow
automation.
Trust Equation

The trust is the sum of all trusted parties and
their recommendations from the standpoint
of an individual (here represented as vectors,
which can be positive or negative). In this case,
we record all of these endorsements and allow
multiple levels of ascription and derivation.
Trust currency is made up by individual
immutable trust vectors. Each trust
vector i t is an endorsement. A endorses B
for X. This has a timestamp and an optional
weight represented as a number from [-1 .. 0 ..
1]. The ability to provide a negative filter as well

11

It helps incentivize positive overall social
contributions and augments the network more
generally. It also allows full automation. For
example, portfolio allocation decisions can be
made by artificial intelligence. It also makes
certain other accountability mechanisms less
necessary due to the strong social component.

Trust Graph
These vectors are optimally represented
as a graph. This graph illustrates that trust
(including what we believe to be true) can be
derived from the various trust vectors on the
network.
The implications of a trust model are
numerous. An open reputation ledger built of
individual trust vectors is a critical element in
the Swarm Platform.

Swarm Trust Vectors

4

TrustGraph.io - Harlan T. Wood, Adam Apollo

12

3. Swarm Token
The token distributed during the token launch is known as the Swarm
Token, or SWM. The SWM token is a standard ERC20 token (on the
Ethereum platform) that allows one to use the Swarm software platform.
The utility unlocked by the SWM token is the ability to create subfunds, participate in token offerings of Swarm projects, get access
to information that is exclusive to our network, and execute network
governance functions. Member participation is key to the Swarm
platform. Over time, more functionality will be released that helps
generate swarm intelligence for the benefit of the network. This follows
the model pioneered by Visa, SWIFT, and other consortia where common
infrastructure is maintained by member organizations.

3.1 TWO-TIERED TOKEN MODEL
The Swarm ecosystem has two types of
tokens. The Swarm token (SWM) is a utility
token, and the essential element that powers
the Swarm ecosystem. It is used as Gas to
implement the token economics on Swarm.
Proofs create a self-enforcing mechanism,
encouraging a thriving decentralized network
of participants. Participating providers and
consumers on the network use the SWM
token to settle transactions on the platform
and provide other services to operate the
network. The SWM token also grants access to
Swarm’s governance technology, which is used
to govern any significant decision made on the
platform.

SRC20 token standard. The SRC20 standard
implements fundamental characteristics to
support regulatory compliant issuance of
security tokens, such as transfer restrictions.

The second token category on Swarm is the
security token layer, whereby each investment
opportunity on Swarm is represented by
its own security token, supporting the

13

Basic structure of the Swarm Token

3.2 TOKEN UTILITY AND VALUE
In general, incentives and counter-incentives - elements of Game
Theory - are not new in blockchain projects, and act as core functions
that encourage desired behaviour in a decentralized system.
Bitcoin’s Proof-of-Work (PoW) incentivizes miners to process
transactions on the network, thereby securing it in return for
a monetary reward to the first miner that solves an arbitrary
mathematical problem and creates a new block.
The 2nd generation model with Proof-of-Stake (PoS) is a more efficient
protocol for validating transactions. New block creators are chosen
deterministically, there is no block reward, and instead, the chosen
block creator is rewarded proportionally to their wealth, or stake in the
network. In other words, with PoS, incentives are constructed to buy
and hold some of the coins being minted, with miners incentivized by
transaction fees.

14

democratizing finance. We’re going further
than opening up alternative high-performing
investment opportunities to all people rich and
poor.

Now we’re seeing the rise of projects inspired
by “The Third Wave of Crypto” - decentralized
projects that provide incentives and rewards
that promote deeper collaboration and
real-world interaction, incorporate machine
learning and artificial intelligence, and bring
real assets to the blockchain. We’re now
moving on from incentives that encourage
support of the network and proving blocks, to
rewarding important value-adding services to
the community of token holders (in addition
to the core value proposition central to the
system).

At Swarm, we’re building a distributed system
that is AI-powered, community-governed, and
will evolve into a self-sustaining and efficient
global resource marketplace.

Swarm Token Utility Model
The token model has two core elements:
◆ The SWM tokens are created for the network
to govern a market infrastructure for a large
pool of assets running on the Swarm Network.
The Swarm (SWM) utility token has a limited
supply of 100M tokens.
◆ The SRC20 tokens are security tokens,
minted by the syndicate manager of each
investment opportunity, that represent
ownership of that investment.

NEO’s users are rewarded GAS to create
a network that deploys and runs smart
contracts. SIA tokens incentivize data hosts to
stay online, building a network of decentralized
storage with sufficient redundancy.
Simply put, we’re seeing the first signs of
blockchain-based self-sustaining ecosystems
that disentangle massive inefficiencies in the
current economy.

In that context, the SWM token has three
essential functions on the Swarm platform,
each of which add to its value in a unique way,
and each incentivized by the network.

In this spirit, we have been designing a cryptoeconomic token model that we believe
achieves far more than its core vision of

The SWM Token is the essential element
which powers the Swarm ecosystem
Proofs create a self-enforcing incentive mechanism
encouraging a thriving decentralized network

TOKEN HOLDERS

SERVICE PROVIDERS

PROJECT OWNERS

SWM As Voice

SWM As Value

SWM As Gas

SWM is used to govern by vote, the

SWM is the incentive and the reward

SWM is required to launch new

direction of the platform

for services provided on the platform

investment opportunities and to keep
them operational

15

SWM as Gas
SWM functions as the core element that
powers investments to operate.
On the investment side, fund managers are
required to pay SWM when they launch new
investment opportunities and to keep them
operational for their duration. We call this Gas
for Fund Operations (GFO), and it has the
following characteristics:
◆ GFO is calculated as a percentage of Net
Assets Under Value (in $USD) and is payable in
SWM
◆ GFO is withdrawn on an ongoing basis, as
needed, in order to fund operations
◆ Subject to iteration by early adopters, initial
GFO will be in the range of 0.6 - 1.0%

capital placements, allows for tradeability and
liquidity. However, rather than directly paying
GCD to the fund, Swarm offers investors a
strategic choice.
Investors choose between:
◆ Liquidity: Investors can opt to keep their
investment liquid and tradeable, in which case
the corresponding GCD is forfeited, but they
receive regular returns on their investment, or
◆ Commitment: Investors can opt to lock
their investment for a fixed period of time,
correspondingly locking their GCD for the same
amount of time. Capital, returns, and the full
amount of locked GCD is fully refunded at the
end of the locking period. Note that investors
could choose liquidity at first and once they
gain comfort with the investment, later move
into a commitment on a lower basis (as some
of the GCD will already have been released on
a prorated basis). Subject to iteration by early
adopters, initial GCD will be in the range of 1.0
- 1.5%

Fund managers are required to continuously
maintain a positive balance of SWM to
cover their expected GFO needs. Managers
are able to plan their purchase of SWM at
times optimal to them, taking into account
market forces, their own expert analysis, and
future investment requirements. In future
iterations, this will be fully powered by artificial
intelligence. For example, a real estate fund
that expects to make a large investment
in a year’s time may opt to front-load their
purchase of SWM now, taking advantage of
current prices and known market conditions.

Strategically opting to lock one’s GCD acts as a
Proof-of-Commitment, and brings enormous
benefits for both investors and fund managers:
◆ Fund managers can act on investments with
far greater certainty knowing investor funds
are committed, and can recycle and reinvest
capital rather than paying returns out regularly,
giving them a greater ability to negotiate using
their assets.
◆ Investors who lock their GCD can also
benefit from potential appreciation in the value
of SWM once their chosen locking period has
ended.

SWM raised from GFO is automatically sent
to a smart contract that acts as a Proof-ofService pool. This pool is then used to reward
third-party actors that provide additional
value-adding operational services such as
audit, accounting, or marketing services,
further adding value to the platform as a
whole and promoting its growth.

Swarm’s Proof-of-Commitment is so powerful
that we’ve introduced a further incentive
mechanism to encourage it, especially for
those funds to whom capital commitment is
strategically important. Fund managers are
given the option to match an investor’s GCD
commitment with their own, in any ratio they
like. This greatly amplifies investors’ potential

On the other side of the equation, investors
are required to pay SWM when they allocate
capital to an investment. We call this Gas
for Capital Deployment (GCD) and it can
be thought of as a traditional placement
fee that, in contrast to other private equity

16

returns at the expiration of the lock. As an example, a solar installation
in California, for whom capital commitment is important, may offer
2-for-1 GCD matching as incentive for a 3-year lock, meaning that
investors who choose to commit their investment receive a bonus of
double their locked SWM tokens at the end of the locking period.
GCD Proof-of-Commitment allows investors to effectively neutralize
their placement gas and therefore boost their returns, while giving
plannability and certainty to managers. Both win.
SWM as Voice
Perhaps the most revolutionary feature of the Swarm platform - and
the one we are very passionate about - is its Liquid Democracy voting
module. Swarm is built with governance designed into the core, and
at every level. Blockchain is maturing beyond payment systems,
stores of value, and distributed applications (Dapps). We are entering
the age of real assets on the blockchain. Art installations, marijuana
plantations, and community-funded infrastructure are all going to be
conceptualized, debated, crowd-funded, realized, and managed on the
blockchain. None of these functions can be performed without a layer
of governance, arguably the most fundamental and important utility of
SWM.
Direct governance of investments is necessary and important, as we
are not building Swarm to be another middleman. The ultimate goal is
to found an ecosystem of independently governed engagements; an
upgraded iteration of the DAO.

Incentivized Governance
Governance is inherently key
to Swarm

Self-governance ensures the
evolution of the platform
Swarm‘s governance model enables

The foundation allocates budgets
to incentivize governance

direct representation for minorities
Through Liquid Democracy, votes can
be delegated to those with

Only token holders have voting

domain-specific knowledge

rights in platform &
investment-level decisions
Voters are rewarded with SWM for

Delegation grants better-informed
individuals greater voting power

participating & taking actions to

Through incentivized governance, the

improve the system

Swarm Foundation is building a fully
decentralized, self-governing

Proof-of-Participation
Participants get rewarded for
making proposals & voting on the

17

SWM as Value
SWM’s value derives directly from its powers
as incentive and reward; powers that
combine asset management with resource
efficiency, powers that strengthen community
engagement, and powers that derive and keep
value within the platform.
Optimal behavior is clear within the system for all actors - and is summarized in the table
below:

specialized knowledge, and further compete
by matching incentives.
Infrastructure and service providers are
incentivized to continuously innovate and
advance the virtuous competitive cycle of
delivering more at lower cost.
While initial monetary policies for gas
prices will be set by the foundation, future
policy will be voted on and iterated by early
participants. Successful interaction amongst
all stakeholders will, over time, permit the
Swarm Foundation to act as mentor and
guide, moving on from its role as architect and
administrator.

◆ Investors choose between two powerful
strategies when allocating their resources.
◆ Fund managers plan and optimize their
operational requirements according to their

Syndicates
Syndicates

Investors
Investors
The userThe
decides
user his/her
decidesstrategy
his/her strategy

The syndicate
The syndicate
is incentivized
is incentivized
to plan &topurchase
plan & purchase

They canThey
choose
canto
choose
forfeitto
orforfeit
lock the
or SWM
lock the
token,
SWM token,
choosingchoosing
betweenbetween
liquidity liquidity
& commitment
& commitment

future requirements
future requirements
& in appreciation
& in appreciation
of SWM of SWM

SWM from
SWM
thefrom
market
theat
market
the optimal
at the time
optimal
to power
time to power

Matching
Matching
investor commitments
investor commitments
allow more
allow more
mechanics
mechanics
to come to
into
come
playinto play

SWARM
SWARM

Infrastructure
Infrastructure
Providers
Providers

The foundation's
The foundation's
core rolecore
is torole
develop
is to develop
the initialthe initial

As the ecosystem
As the ecosystem
matures,matures,
the incentives
the incentives
to provide
to provide
to the network
grow
services services
to the network
grow

trials of the
trials
system
of thecomponents
system components
& hand them
& hand
over
them over
to other to
actors
other
over
actors
timeover time

At the
same
for any service,
specific the
service, the
At the same
time,
fortime,
any specific
flow to
actors who
greatestgreatest
rewards rewards
naturallynaturally
flow to actors
who

As SWMAs
circulates
SWM circulates
amongstamongst
all network
all network
members,
members,

performed
most efficiently
performed
most efficiently

the foundation's
the foundation's
role naturally
role naturally
devolvesdevolves
to a state
to a state
of distributed
of distributed
self-governance
self-governance

18

“

Swarm seeks to not only
create interesting software,
but also a community of
those interested in sharing
their project opportunities
with other Swarm
participants.

4. Swarm Platform Model
4.1 SWARM LAYERS
The Swarm platform will be composed of three primary layers: Core, Services, and Application.

Primary Layers of the
Swarm Platform

Layer 1: Swarm Core
The Core layer provides the foundational system components
and smart contracts for Swarm use: network governance
token management with consensus via liquid democracy, and a
management interface. This also includes system replications of the
preferred legal frameworks, reputational engine, and decentralized
collaboration, as well as foundational processes around security and
data transparency.
The Core layer framework allows for the creation and management of
new projects. It is and always will be free and open to use.

20

Layer 2: Swarm Services
The Swarm Services layer will offer additional
services on top of Swarm Core. These services
are meant to make it extremely easy for any
participants to build investment applications
on top of Swarm and serve the marketplace in
the most creative way.
These services will include full-stack
setup of vertical Swarm funds (via Special
Purpose Vehicles, or SPVs), operating Swarm
syndicates, asset custodian services, and any
automation of ongoing investment operations.
More features will be introduced to best meet
the requirements of the evolving marketplace.
Application templates, customization tools,
and advanced data processing capabilities
will allow our users to execute their visions
faster while lowering the barrier to entry for
new investment applications to come to
market. While applications and participants
are welcome to interact with Swarm on the
Core level, we will be offering Swarm Services
to accelerate the go-to-market process and
reduce operational costs. Swarm Services will
be offered using a license-fee model.

Layer 3: Swarm Applications
On the highest layer, on top of the Swarm
Services layer or directly operating on the
Swarm Core, is the Swarm Applications layer.
These applications are both front-end as well
as in some cases application back-ends that
are specific to target investment use cases
and/or target segments.

Our vision for Swarm is
to have a wide variety of
investment applications
built on the same
platform technology and
liquidity pool.
Some of these applications may be built by
Swarm, while others will be built by third
parties. Our vision for Swarm is to have a wide
variety of investment applications built on the
same platform technology and liquidity pool.
These applications will likely charge additional
fees or use alternative business models such
as market making, information selling, or
revenue/profit sharing. As further described
in the following section, many of such Swarm
applications may include the release of their
own utility tokens as a core component of
their business model.

21

4.2 PLATFORM COMPONENTS
Liquid Democracy Voting Module
Governance is core to Swarm’s mission. And core to that mission is
to create infrastructure that allows participants to vote on issues in a
trustless, transparent, and auditable way, which can persist outside of
Swarm as an organization.
Therefore Swarm is creating a “Liquid Democracy Voting Module”
(“LDVM”), which has been the basis of all voting that the Swarm
organization has performed internally and externally, and first versions
are already available.
The LDVM is intended to be configurable by any developer, integrated
with other platforms, and executed outside of the Swarm platform.
The LDVM will be able to be customized to specific voting populations,
issue discoveries, and consensus methods, as well as voting
processes.
Further, a major objective of new voting systems is to relieve
participants of ongoing voting obligations or complexities around
voting. With the LDVM, users are able to delegate their votes to others
in a persistent fashion, and differentiated by issue category and
duration. With these abilities, the governance of the foundation, as well
as each of the underlying SRC20 tokens and related legal entities, can
be performed in completely new ways; for example, there is no longer
a necessity for board structures.
The LDVM is intended to become a universally applicable voting engine
for any part of the Swarm platform, and to be usable beyond Swarm
in other related or even unrelated projects. In particular, the open
architecture of this module will lead to exciting new applications and
use cases well beyond Swarm.
Purpose-Driven Funding Wallets (“Blackbird”)
One of the use cases powered by the LDVM will be the Blackbird
wallet. A Blackbird wallet is a smart, multi-user wallet that collects
funds and deploys them to a target address that is approved using a
stake-weighted majority. Each Blackbird Wallet can potentially have
connections to realize its purpose on the Swarm network, but not
necessarily.
Blackbird will allow the pooling of capital, such as for a purpose that
has yet to be specified, and all participants together make decisions
along the way about the deployment of capital. As the purpose gets
further specified, more participants gain confidence and invest more
capital, and so on. While a setup like this can have many different

22

use cases, the first iteration of the wallet will be used (1) as a onetime fund collection and deployment instrument and (2) an evergreen
(ongoing) fund collection and deployment instrument.
There are a number of powerful use cases that can be powered by
Blackbird wallets. Think of Uber drivers pooling their capital to buy a
corner position in Uber. Or the creation of a foundation to offset the
carbon footprint of the blockchain.
Artificial Intelligence Infrastructure for the AI-driven Investment
Economy
The name ”Swarm” is a reference to “Swarm Intelligence,” a form of
decentralized intelligence. In the natural world, it manifests in selforganizing communities like ant colonies, flocking birds, and schooling
fish. Swarm intelligence is also employed at the vanguard of artificial
intelligence technology. Swarm (the company) is taking a practical,
multi-phasic approach to solving real-world problems, while building
the infrastructure and ecosystem that will allow for decentralized
intelligence to occur.
The first phase of AI at Swarm is a simple approach: providing
users and industry professionals with tools to make more informed
investment decisions via products of machine learning. Within the
Swarm ecosystem, we are rolling out a practical reinforcement
learning algorithm that uses a multi-armed bandit approach (i.e.,
an algorithm that acquires knowledge by performing multiple
experiments simultaneously, assessing results, and quickly learning
to optimize outcomes). This will be combined with some traditional
financial analytics models (EMA, MACD, Ichimoku Cloud), along with
more sophisticated ML models (LSTM, Phased-LSTM and others).
We anticipate this taking a few months to roll out, as the algorithms
require sufficient data and voting within the ecosystem in order to
provide a robust model. A deep roster of funds are in the pipeline to
get listed on the Swarm platform, and our astute AI will analyze them
all. Not only will we deploy our bots for the direct benefit of Swarm
platform participants; we will also offer these tools and infrastructure
to Swarm syndicates to create crypto hedge funds that trade using
machine learning algorithms (ML) in addition to traditional trading
strategies.
The second phase will advance the platform in a few very important
ways: First, it will allow for active trading based on individual
configuration and preferences within the Swarm platform. Some may
individually use the tools, and others may create funds and offer them
as syndicates on top of the platform. Swarm members will be able
to participate in those strategies via the Swarm platform. There are a

23

few key advancements in this phase: The goal will be to employ a large
ensemble of models whose number will be determined by market
factors. Using many reinforcement learning agents, or ”bots,” we can
program them to compete with each other, honing their “intelligence,”
and maximizing potential rewards. A master algo will choose how to
execute trades based on observed potential rewards and observed
market behavior. The goal is to decentralize the AI, eventually achieving
proper Swarm Intelligence (Today we are getting closer, but still not
entirely decentralized from a model perspective.). A key component of
this phase is the ability of models to give information to other models.
This mutual informing can be both adversarial and constructive in
nature. Models that can win the vote of the trade get more reward.
By doing so, models learn to capture and maximize reward across
many different market conditions while tailored to different trading
preferences by investors.
The third phase is a big and extremely exciting one. In Phase 3, we
will fully decentralize the ability to trade within the Swarm network,
and link with other technologies. While Phase 2 allowed the Swarm
professionals to build out fund organizations upon which Swarm
members can vote and invest, Phase 3 will allow any individual quant
and model builder to tokenize their own models and strategies, and
to effectively create their own funds. These models can be trading
algorithms, or models that serve other monetary purposes. For
example, a model builder can provide a language model with the
ability to parse and make sense of Twitter or Telegram feeds. Then,
other models can tap that model for information. The goal is to create
the core market infrastructure and a network of incentives to allow
for both model competition and genetic evolution of performance
and fitness, thus allowing for model primitives to evolve, which
then generalize to different domains. We will release more technical
information on this in the near future.

24

5. Swarm Applications
Swarm-Supported Asset Types

With the Swarm investment platform serving as a technology reference
framework as well as a global liquidity hub, decentralized application
developers will be able to create new classes of investment assets that
can be used in any number of simple or complex applications.
The following section lays out defining characteristics of asset classes in
which to pilot the Swarm Platform, followed by subsequent sections that
highlight a number of use cases that Swarm has identified as interesting
target markets and which are readily deployable using the Swarm
Platform.

5.1 CHARACTERISTICS OF PILOT
ASSET CLASSES
When launching a marketplace technology it
is critically important to (a) build trust with
the participants and (b) provide curated pilot
use cases that allow the marketplace to take
off in the right direction and with the right
momentum. In identifying the first target asset
use cases, we have tried to balance both.
Particularly in light of issues that led to the rise
and fall of the DAO, we approached this project
with significant diligence and preparation,
before being able to bring a market-ready
proposal to the community.
We strongly felt it was important in the early
stages to (1) demonstrate tangible platform
viability, (2) be able to show viability and
material attractivity, and (3) be able to quickly
scale within the use cases if they prove their
efficacy by meeting or exceeding expectations.

Therefore, we invested significant efforts
into identifying asset classes that have the
following key characteristics, among others:
◆◆ Have the ability to start with small amount
of investment.
◆◆ Show continuous tangible returns.
◆◆ Represent a range of risk-reward profiles
that are relevant to the crypto investor
community and provide relevant alternative
asset profiles (e.g. 20%+ ROI annually,
focused on global impact, etc.).
◆◆ Are well-established and understood from
an assessment/ratings perspective.
◆◆ Scale to significant size quickly

25

5.2 CRYPTO HEDGE FUND

5.3 DISTRESSED REAL ESTATE

Investing in crypto assets presents unique
challenges, revolving around trading workflows
and asset security. It requires expert
knowledge to properly navigate the market
and be aware of the latest market dynamics
in specialized market verticals, starting with
liquidity movements, arbitrage opportunities,
or proper assessment of the latest marketinfluencing industry news.  
The syndicate with which we are collaborating
forms a crypto hedge fund that strives to
be “ahead of the curve”  with the goal to
simplify value creation for crypto investors by
offering the best experience to engage with
a network of investors, collaborators, and
opinion makers. The objective is to present
an incentivized platform for vertical experts
to trade on their unique market knowledge or
data and to provide uncorrelated, risk-adjusted
alpha relative to industry benchmarks. The
composite investment strategy includes rightfrequency trading into 1) a highly curated
portfolio of crypto assets, 2) derivatives
market-making, and 3) mining proof-ofstake tokens. The goal is to create a blend
of selected best trades based on proprietary
algorithms, market-neutral quantitative
models, and fully automated execution.

Real estate investments present a unique
opportunity for private equity real asset
engagements. Especially interesting are submarket segments like distressed real estate
primarily focused on judicial foreclosure states.
The syndicate leader we have partnered
with has created a machine-driven platform
to identify negative equity real estate in
foreclosure auctions, and acquire these
“Subject To” existing liens from an impartial
federal bankruptcy trustee. During the very
long judicial foreclosure timelines, this
provides 2-3+ years of rental income, and in
some cases the fund is even able to clear liens
at a steep discount and immediately sell the
property at profit. This produces exceptionally
high cash returns and is an excellent
opportunity, even in an economic downturn.

5.4 SOLAR INSTALLATIONS
There is no doubt that renewable energy,
and particularly solar, is on the rise and an
interesting asset category. The unit economics
of producing, installing and maintaining solar
panels have improved significantly and made
the investment case an interesting opportunity
with 20%+ annual returns. Additionally, there
are significant tax breaks in various regions
globally, especially in California, which presents
additional major economic benefits. The
syndicate operators we have been evaluating
have been successfully building an investment
platform specifically for this application.  

We’ll create a blend of
selected best trades
based on proprietary
algorithms, marketneutral quantitative
models and fully
automated execution.

26

5.5 PURPOSE-DRIVEN FUNDING POOLS
Swarm is also aiming to help generate impact investments for
nonprofits and social enterprises that help meet significant
community needs and address humanity’s grand challenges. We are
working to ensure basic needs are met for all people, while sustaining
and improving quality of life and mitigating future risks. We hope
to involve individuals and institutions who are using their resources
for social good, and are looking beyond simply making traditional
philanthropic gifts. We seek to help them leverage their capital directly,
with a purpose they deeply care about, and perhaps even earn a small
gain over time.
We believe the crypto community has successfully proven that it can
build incentives for the community itself to create desired outcomes.
We envision purpose-driven funding pools, that incentivize the
entrepreneurial community to create solutions to meet the challenges
and compete for the “bounty” by delivering a “social Proof-of-Stake”,
similar to the way the X-Prizes have fueled innovation.

We believe the crypto community has
successfully proven that it can build
incentives for the community itself to
create desired outcomes.

27

6. Token Offering
6.1 TOKEN OFFERING IN BRIEF
The Swarm organization created 100M tokens, and budgeted 33M
tokens to be sold to purchasers. Of these, 8.2M were sold in Q4 2017.
In the current token offering, we are projecting to sell 20M tokens,
targeting a raise of $23.75M USD denominated in ETH. Should the
demand be higher, the Swarm Foundation can decide to re-allocate
token budgets to expand the sale.
With the above, the cap share distribution changes in favor of the
community. As such, a higher market demand within the sale simply
allows for more exchange listings on the SUN network and augments
the value of the platform.
Our method of drip liquidity ensures that earlier token holders cannot
immediately “dump” all of their tokens after the purchase. After the
token generation, the members voted to introduce a liquidity option
that releases the token liquidity in 4 equal releases every 84 days. The
first liquidity release started on Nov 6, 2017, and full liquidity will be
reached on Jul 16, 2018.

6.2 TOKEN ALLOCATION
Of the total 100M tokens created, 33M tokens will go to contributors
(past Swarm members, advisors, a pool for future contributors), while
33M tokens are assigned to the core team.

28

7. Roadmap

7.1 KEY ACTIVITIES
For the past 6 months we have been executing
on key activities, including the launch of the
live Swarm platform:
◆◆ Our team developed concrete, trusted
investment opportunities, with a goal
of showing successes and pushing the
marketplace in the right direction.
◆◆ The initial deployment of the Swarm
platform went live on Jan 29th 2018.  
◆◆ Substantial work has been performed
toward viable legal frameworks for Swarm
initiatives.
◆◆ Implementation of a regulatory framework
across different jurisdictions for security
tokens has started, including integration
with service providers for e-infrastructure
and AML/KYC.

◆◆ Ramping up community engagement efforts,
Swarm has 14,000+ investors registered on
the live platform, with ongoing significant
growth.
◆◆ We have developed a pipeline of 35+ funds
that want to list on the platform; we are
developing onboarding processes and
launching them soon.
◆◆ We have created partnerships with
exchanges to support SRC20 security
tokens.

29

7.2 FINANCES

Product / Development Costs: Platform
development will include building upon and
securing core smart contracts, additional
frameworks such as a decentralized
reputational engine, trading and management
interfaces, service-level app templates
and customization tools, and integrations
with future Ethereum or other blockchain
infrastructure such as exchanges, custodian
service providers, and stablecoins. We will
develop certain custodian components for
Swarm wallet holders and work with experts
for custodian services (e.g., Ledger).
Legal & Regulatory Costs: Legal requirements
include corporate setups in different locations
for crowdsale, operations, and other licenses.
Post-launch, we will work with legal advisors
and regulators in different jurisdictions to
develop legal opinions of the interpretation
with local laws, and become compatible
with e-infrastructure and AML/KYC and
accreditation infrastructures in various
markets. Ongoing resources are required for
investment and possible other use cases of
legal work. A legal contingency fund will be
reserved in case of future need.

In our token sale, we are projecting a raise of
$23.75M USD denominated in ETH. For capital
allocation, the main principle is that funds will
go towards operational expenses and platform
development.
Our current team members have managed
individual portfolios in excess of $3B and
built platforms with an excess of $32B in deal
flow. Fund usage will be split approximately
evenly between platform and application
development.
Use of Contributions

Marketing & Sales: Sales and business
development efforts will be focused on
identifying and forming relationships with new
projects and existing partnerships that can be
built on Swarm. Marketing will be focused on
promoting Swarm applications to potential
customer segments and markets. Additional
efforts will be spent on increasing awareness
and knowledge of the Swarm Platform and
what can be built with it (applications, etc.).

30

7.3 DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP
Current State
Swarm has been under development for
over 18 months. Since then there have been
multiple iterations of the core elements of
Swarm. These include the smart contracts
powering the framework as well as the general
web interface.
The Swarm platform has a fully operational
live implementation since January 2018.
The current operational platform supports
key use cases, such as voting within network
democracy (including delegation), wallet
transfers (ETH/BTC/SWM), and allocation of
capital towards investment opportunities.

Current Active Interface - Live platform at http://invest.swarm.fund

Future Development
Phase 1 (Quarter 2 2018):
◆◆ Legal automation: Underlying the Swarm
platform, our goal is to automate most
of the administrative processes related
to foundation of SPVs (special purpose
vehicles) and fund deployment. We seek to
work with e-governance providers to make
this as seamless and scalable as possible.
◆◆ SRC20 token standard protocol, with
integration to exchanges supporting security
tokens.

31

8. Leadership

8.1 CORE TEAM

Philipp Pieper
Co-founder & Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Philipp is a serial tech entrepreneur and
became interested in decentralized
technologies in 2015, when interacting with
BitTorrent, Inc. and the Mozilla Foundation.
Philipp has been a start-up entrepreneur for
the past 15 years and is a veteran in the digital
data space. After holding various private equity
and management positions within Deutsche
Bank and Allianz Group, Philipp was founder
and CEO of Proximic, a global data provider for
digital media buyers (acquired by comScore
in 2015), and is mentor at various accelerators
such Stanford’s StartX, Singularity University,
as well as TechCode. He holds degrees in
engineering and business administration and
attended Berlin University of Technology and
UC Berkeley, Haas School of Business.

Timo Lehes
Co-founder & Chief Investment Officer (CIO)
Timo has over 20 years of experience from
starting, running, exiting and investing in
software companies. Timo has served as
an investor and executive in technology
companies, with extensive experience from
building, running and investing in software
companies and leading various merger and
acquisition deals. Throughout his career, Timo
has invested in more than 40 companies.
With a specific focus on Financial Technology
or fintech, he has contributed to the creation
of several alternative investment platforms.  
He currently serves as a board member at
BankerBay, the world’s largest deal origination
platform for mid-market Private Equity deals.
He holds degrees in engineering and business
administration from Chalmers University of
Technology and early stage investing from
continuing studies at Stanford School of
Business.

32

Chris Eberle
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
Chris is a digital veteran with a passion for
building global businesses and communities.
He built the Media Partner Services and
Operations teams at Facebook, with global
responsibility for connecting public figures,
creators, and publishers to create authentic
content on Facebook and Instagram. He
then led teams in Global Business Marketing,
responsible for real world experiences that
drive online business results with Facebook
partners. Prior to Facebook, Eberle was a
part of startup exits at Federated Media and
Meebo (acquired by Google). Earlier in his
career, Eberle spent a decade at AOL, where
he started as a contract worker and eventually
served in executive roles in marketing and
advertising. Chris is an alumnus of Syracuse
University and The Harvard Business School.

Frank Taylor
Head of AI
Frank brings nearly 20 years of experience with
expertise in Statistical Modeling and Machine
Learning. He has served as Senior Data
Scientist and ML engineer at Hotel Tonight,
Earnest Inc., and Personagraph among others,
and is advisor to and has provided solutions
for a multitude of startups. He is currently
directing his efforts toward decentralized
machine learning and differential privacy, and
is working to advance the domain of Artificial
Intelligence in the future decentralized
ecosystem.

33

“Jazzwall” Sharad Jaiswal
Head of Product & Operations
Jazzwall has been implementing and
orchestrating enterprise IT projects and
graduate tech-training programs at Swiss and
Wall Street banks for the last decade. Hard
to put in a box, he is a project manager, full
stack developer, professional photographer,
entrepreneur, and very interested in crypto
markets.

Vivian Jane Smith
Project Admin
Vivian Jane is passionate about connecting
real people to real power in ways that support
both individual potential and a harmonious
global paradigm. To that end, employing two
decades of experience as a top sales leader,
human wellness guide, and energy medicine
practitioner, she is a fervent advocate for
the widespread adoption of blockchain
technologies that allow decentralized
governance and financial sovereignty. Her
goal is to empower everyday people by
spreading awareness and application of these
revolutionary new systems.

Katerina Kan
Katerina is a visionary entrepreneur focused
on building a sustainable global paradigm in
business and communication. She applies the
principles of symbiotic environments, energy
optimization, and human wellness to her
background in administration, management,
commerce, and customer service.

34

8.2 CAPITAL MARKET ADVISORS
Chris Kitze
CEO at Safe Cash, co-creator of Flashcoin,
and chairman of the Alphabit Digital Currency
Foundation, Chris is a serial entrepreneur who
has created companies with over $7 billion of
market capitalization over his 25-year career.
He’s been part of the Lycos’ IPO team, was
founder and CEO of Xoom.com (IPO: 1998), and
was CEO of NBCi, formed by the merger of
Xoom.com and Snap.com, in addition to other
companies in digital media and payments,
such as Wine.com and Unseen.

Dapps Fund, which was a lead investor in
the initial crowdsale for Ethereum, Factom,
MaidSafe and Storj. He currently heads up the
ICO investment committee for Alphabit Fund,
and advises numerous blockchain companies.
Terpin has led the PR efforts for more than
150 blockchain companies and foundations,
including some of the leading token
crowdsales. Client successes include the
launches of Aeternity, Augur, Bancor, Ethereum,
Factom, Gnosis, Golem Network, Lisk,
MaidSafe, Qtum, and Tether, as well as ongoing
campaigns for Bittrex, Counterparty, Dash, Eos,
Kraken, NEM, Neo, Storj and Shapeshift.

Anthony Di Iorio
CEO & Founder at Jaxx & Decentral, Founder
at Ethereum. Anthony Di Iorio is a serial
entrepreneur, VC, community organizer, and
thought leader in the field of decentralized
technologies. Born and raised in Toronto,
Di Iorio is the former Chief Digital Officer of
the TMX Group and Toronto Stock Exchange,
founder and CEO of Decentral, a software
development company focused on blockchain
technologies, and founder and CEO of Jaxx, a
multi-token, blockchain interface that provides
a unified experience across 9 platforms and
devices. In 2013, Di Iorio funded, and along
with Vitalik Buterin and 3 others founded the
smart contract platform Ethereum.

Mark Oei
Until end of 2016, Mark was at Sequoia Capital
where he served as Managing Director of the
venture capital firm’s Heritage Fund, a multistrategy vehicle offering institutional investors
and family offices investment exposure
to multiple asset classes. As leader of the
Real Asset group Mark has been seeking
opportunistic real estate investments both
domestically and abroad. Earlier, Mark was
a managing director focused on real estate
at Oaktree Capital Management, one of the
largest institutional alternative investment
managers in the United States, and was VP at
Morgan Stanley focused on acquisitions for the
Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds.

Michael Terpin
CEO Transform Group (75+ ICOs), CoinAgenda,
Alphabit Fund; BitAngels; founder, Marketwired;
advisor to blockchain companies. Terpin
co-founded BitAngels, the world’s first
angel network for digital currency startups,
which gave birth in 2014 to the successful
CoinAgenda series of blockchain investor
conferences in North America, Europe/EMEA,
Asia and Caribbean/LatAm. He co-founded
early blockchain incubator bCommerce Labs;
the Bitcoin Syndicate on AngelList (with
legendary super-angel Gil Penchina), and the

Vivek Krishnappa
Vivek is a board member for the WattTime.
org, an advisor for Nexleaf Analytics, an advisor
for FinTech and CleanTech Astia and a former
managing director for securities lending at
Blackrock.

35

8.3 TECHNOLOGY ADVISORS

8.4 GOVERANCE AND
ORGANIZATIONAL DESIGN
ADVISORS

Noah Thorp
Founder, CEO at COMAKERY
Noah’s career as a technical entrepreneur
is built on the principles of rapid feedback
through experiments, continuous learning,
spirited creativity, and iterating towards
excellence. These principles have directed
Noah’s path through agile software
development as a developer, lean product
management, responsive org building as
a cofounder, and ecosystem building as a
platform creator.

Christian Jacken
Co-founder Liquid Democracy, former Global
Bitcoin Alliance, EFF supporter.
Adam Apollo
Adam is the founder of the Guardian Alliance
and trust.exchange.
Brad Nye
Founder of Tribalize summit and Burning Man
organizer.

Bogdan Fiedur
Full stack developer and entrepreneur. Since
the beginning of 2016 involved in “Smart
Contract” design and implementation for
Ethereum, using Solidity. Knowledgeable in
all aspects of e-commerce website, backend and front-end. Experienced in setting up
network environment, running and maintaining
servers. Experienced in supervising teams
of developers, preparing technical design
documents, preparing testing plans and
integrating existing applications with newer
technologies.
David Kammeyer
Software developer and platform manager.
Matthew Tan
CEO and founder of Etherscan.

36

Distributed Labs
https://distributedlab.com/
Distributed Labs is partner in developing Swarm
portal application layer and custom blockchain
development.

8.5 PARTNERS

Distributed Lab
Blockchain experts

SecureVote
https://secure.vote
The award-winning team of SecureVote is
responsible for the development of the Swarm
Fund Liquid Democracy Voting Module (LDVM). The
LDVM is a universally applicable and decentralized
voting engine which can be used for any part of the
Swarm platform.
TokenSoft
https://www.tokensoft.io
Tokensoft is a full-service smart contract
development service company with specialization
in token sale applications; Tokensoft helped
develop the SWM token smart contracts and
related technology.
AmaZix
https://www.amazix.com
AmaZix provides full community management
services and aids Swarm in spreading the mission
of our company across the globe.
Wings
https://www.wings.ai
We intend to use the Wings prediction service to
estimate the target size of our own raise and other
sub-asset tokens.
Jaxx
https://jaxx.io/
FusionICO
https://fusionico.pro
FusionICO is a full-service blockchain advisory
firm specializing in Asia markets, and is providing
translation, community management, PR, and
marketing services for Swarm in Chinese, Japanese,
and Korean, as well as performing outreach to
investors and institutions in China, Japan, Korea,
Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam.
37

9. Legal Innovations

Swarm co-organized legal summits at Harvard and Stanford in which
the Distributed Collaborative Organisation model was established5.
Legal experts suggested that the integration of a collaborative
governance layer to a distributed organization would make it a
membership organization similar to a co-op. We have remained active
participants in the evolving platform co-op movement and Internet of
Ownership (https://ioo.coop/) movements, including a section in the
book “Ours to Hack and to Own.” (https://platform.coop/book).
Swarm has consistently and openly stated its intent to democratize
finance and proactively engaged with regulators including the SEC,
FCA, and regulators in several other countries. As a result of advice
from top legal experts and regulators, Swarm has operated for the
last two years under the unincorporated non-profit association terms
as described in the results of the Harvard summit with the intent of
creating a global platform cooperative.  
To actualize these aims, Swarm has established the following legal
entities:
Swarm
Swarm
Swarm
Swarm

Foundation (Liechtenstein)
Operations GmbH (Germany)
Operations LLC (USA)
IP (Singapore)

The contribution period is a collaboration between the above entities
with the intent of taking the “Distributed Collaborative Organization”
model and a creating a legal entity owned and governed by the token
holders. Rather than depend on a single legal firm to implement this,
we will create a bounty system to award the first several teams that
manage to create token-governance systems that integrate into the
legal and tax systems of respective nation states.

38

The current board members are Philipp Pieper and Timo Lehes,
with three spots left to be filled by either community contributors
or managing directors of partner funds, dependent on a vote by the
token holders.
Additionally, all of the currency-related aspects of our implementation,
including actions of all sub-funds, are performed on a private
blockchain implementation. This allows us to implement all standard
AML/KYC procedures and reporting as established by industry best
practice.
Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action, the Swarm team
can make no guarantees regarding the legality of the platform or
launch in any given jurisdiction. Regardless, we are confident in, and
proud of, the work we have done to shape Swarm into what we hope
is a model of regulatory compliance for decentralized applications
and token launches. We will be responsive and collaborative with any
regulators as necessary going forward.

39

10. Media Coverage
Swarm Fund has earned international attention from mainstream and larger crypto media.
Some examples:
Can Swarm Fund Help The Cryptocurrency Market Finally Enter The Mainstream?
Forbes, August 16, 2017
https://www.forbes.com/sites/giovannirodriguez/2017/08/16/can-swarm-fund-help-thecryptocurrency-market-finally-enter-the-mainstream/#5f4cbdc32e77
Swarm Fund Launches Compliance-Oriented Token Offering Tailored to Evolving Regulatory
Environment
CoinTelegraph, September 6, 2017
https://cointelegraph.com/press-releases/swarm-fund-launches-compliance-oriented-tokenoffering-tailored-to-evolving-regulatory-environment
Swarm Fund Aims to Democratize Investing
Bankless Times, October 17, 2017
https://www.banklesstimes.com/2017/10/17/swarm-fund/
Swarm Closes $5.5 million ICO for Alternative Investment Fund
Coindesk, October 31, 2017
https://www.coindesk.com/swarm-closes-5-5-million-ico-alternative-investment-fund/
Swarm Fund brings institutional investment opportunities to crypto investors
AlphaQ, Institutional Asset Manager, Nov 27, 2017
https://www.alphaq.world/2017/11/23/258631/swarm-fund-brings-institutional-investmentopportunities-crypto-investors
2017: The Year of the Initial Coin Offering
FTAdviser, December 13, 2017
https://www.ftadviser.com/investments/2017/12/13/2017-the-year-of-the-initial-coin-offering/
How Will Cryptocurrency Impact the Housing Crisis?
International Business Times, February 10, 2018
http://www.ibtimes.com/how-will-cryptocurrency-impact-housing-crisis-2651489

40

11. References
Blodget, Henry. 2017. Bitcoin a perfect asset for speculative bubble: Blodget. [ONLINE VIDEO]
Available at: http://www.cnbc.com/video/2017/05/25/bitcoin-a-perfect-asset-for-speculativebubble-blodget.html. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Dietz, Joel, Greg Xethalis, Katten Primavera de Filippi, Jim Hazard. 2017. Model Distributed
Collaborative Organizations. [ONLINE] Available at: https://swarm.gitbooks.io/dco-book/content/dcomodel-template.html. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Durden, Tyler. 2015. So You Want Bridgewater To Manage Your Money? There Is One Small Condition.
[ONLINE] Available at: https://www.elitetrader.com/et/threads/so-you-want-bridgewater-to-manageyour-money-there-is-one-small-condition.290936/. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Hulbert, Mark. 2017. This is how many fund managers actually beat index funds. [ONLINE] Available
at: http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-funds-beat-the-sp-thanwe-thought-2017-04-24. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Herold, Jelle. 2017. Statebox. [ONLINE] Available at: http://statebox.org. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Herold, Jelle. 2017. Typedefs. [ONLINE] Available at: http://typedefs.com. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Lewis, Michael, 1989. Liar’s Poker. 1st ed. New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc..
Platform Cooperativism Consortium. 2016. Platform Cooperativism. [ONLINE] Available at: https://
platform.coop/book. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Van Valkenburgh, Peter, Joel Dietz, Primavera de Filippi, Houman Shadab, Greg Xethalis, David Bollier.
2017. Distributed Collaborative Organizations. [ONLINE] Available at: http://www.bollier.org/sites/
default/files/misc-file-upload/files/DistributedNetworksandtheLaw%20report,%20Swarm-Coin%20
Center-Berkman.pdf. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Wood, Harlan T., Adam Apollo. 2017. TrustGraph. [ONLINE] Available at: https://github.com/trustgraph/
trustgraph. [Accessed 16 July 2017].
Yang, Paul. 2017. google/protobuf. [ONLINE] Available at: https://github.com/google/protobuf.
[Accessed 16 July 2017].

41

SWARM FUND
WHITE PAPER
March 2018
V0.91

Philipp Pieper
philipp@swarm.fund

Timo Lehes
timo@swarm.fund

www.swarm.fund

