SWFT
Smart Worldwide Financial Technology

WhitePaper

Table of Contents

PART I: INTRODUCTION

SWFT

1.1 What is blockchain? | P3
1.1.1 Unique advantages of blockchain technology | P4
1.2 Industry Pain Points | P5

PART II: THE SWFT PLATFORM BUSINESS LANDSCAPE
2.1 Business Objectives and Advantages of SWFT Systems | P6
2.1.1 Services senarios | P7
2.2 Revenue Models | P9
2.3 Timeline | P10

PART III: SWFT TOKEN

PART IV: TEAM

3.1 Introduction to SwftCoin Token | P1

5.1 Core Members | P17

3.2. SwftCoin Use Scenarios | P12

5.2 Competition | P19

3.2.1 Why SwftCoin | P13

5.3 Advisors | P20

3.2.2 How to get SwftCoin | P14

PART VI: SWFTCOIN DEVELOPMENT PLAN

PART VII: APPENDIX

6.1 Swftcoin distribution plan | P22

7.1 Terms | P24

6.1.1 Transfer Ratio and Timetable | P23

7.2 Frequently Asked Questions and Answers| P25

6.1.2 Thaw Plan | P23

7.3. Disclaimer | P28
7.3.1 Risk Warning | P28

-2-

What is blockchain?

I

Blockchain is a decentralized network of accounts, which, operating
without a centralized intermediary, composes the underlying
technology for all cryptocurrencies. It was first conceptualized by
Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008 and implemented the following year as a
core structural component of the digital currency Bitcoin, for which
it serves as the public ledger for all transactions. Through the use of
a peer-to-peer network and a distributed time-stamping server, a
blockchain database manages itself autonomously.
Blockchain is a technological program that maintains a reliable
database in a decentralized and trustless manner. It allows the
nodes in its network to use cryptographic algorithms to record all
information exchanged in the system, in a given time, into a block.
It also generates the Hash, a fingerprint or ID, of the block, which
chains it to the next one. All nodes in the system jointly authenticate
the validity of the record, guaranteeing its integrity.
The blockchain has four main features: decentralization, trustlessness,
collective maintenance, and reliable database. These four features
imply two other features, open source and anonymity.

-3-

PART I: INTRODUCTION

Unique advantages of blockchain technology

Distributed
Decentralization

Trustless System

Data Persistency

In a traditional centralized network, a destructive
attack on a central node (for example, a payment
mediator) can break the entire system. In a
decentralized network, such as a Blockchain,
however, an attack on a single node does not impact
the entire network.

Using an algorithm of self-restraint, nodes on the
Blockchain network reject any malicious behavior.
This way, the Blockchain system does not rely on a
central authority for support or credit endorsement.

The Blockchain technology uses a one-way hash
algorithm, which establishes a unique ID for the
transaction in the block. Each block also contains
information about its previous transaction it is
connected to, making data modification almost
impossible. Financial records on a blockchain are
permanent. They cannot be changed or deleted.

-4-

PART I: INTRODUCTION

Industy Pain Points

Inefficient Transfer Processes: A customer's first step toward trading in domestic or
foreign cryptocurrency platforms is to open an account with a cryptocurrency exchange
firm. The process to get the customer on board, however, is often lengthy and overcomplicated. The demand for a robust yet user-friendly cryptocurrency platform
continues to grow.
Low Inventory Capacity: Digital currency trading platforms are designed to support
limited cryptocurrencies only. Customers who intend to effectuate transactions with
higher returns than a platform can hold must manage trade at multiple exchange
platforms.
Inadequate Market Depth: The use of a single digital currency trading platform,
as highlighted in the pain point above, limits the extent of trading possibilities. If a
customer, therefore, needs to trade in large amounts, he/she will need to exchange
currency at multiple digital exchange platforms. In this case, the customer incurs not
only high exchange fees but also the risk of currency fluctuations between exchanges.
High Investment Risk: When trading, the customer is subject to the risk of currency
fluctuations, due to the absence of a hedging instrument.

To build, therefore, an integrated trading platform
that provides users with a compact, safe and
inexpensive range of cryptocurrency transfer
services will significantly improve the efficiency of
the digital currency market.

-5-

Business Objectives and Advantages of SWFT Systems

II

SWFT is a cross-blockchain platform. On the APP, the website, or
the API, users can transfer cryptocurrency with one click. Built by
world experts in artificial intelligence, big data, and blockchain,
SWFT became an outstanding transfer platform. Its success emerges
as a result of efficiently hedging risks and providing customers with
a user-friendly platform for cryptocurrency transactions. By using
SwftCoin, users enjoy a discount on transaction fees on the SWFT
platform.

Figure 2.1: SWFT

USER

SWFT Platform

A

B
Exchange platforms

C

n
-6-

PART II: THE SWFT PLATFORM BUSINESS LANDSCAPE

Individual User

CNY

CNY

USD

USD

EUR

EUR

...

AI

...

Machine Learning

Blockchain

User

BTC

Big data

...

BTC

ETH

ETH

ZCash

ZCash

LTC

LTC

...

...

Commericial User

CNY

Bank

API

USD
EUR
...

AI
Machine Learning

Blockchain
Big data

...

CNY
USD
EUR
...

Company
Services senarios

-7-

PART II: THE SWFT PLATFORM BUSINESS LANDSCAPE

SWFT, as a two-sided platform, pursues the
following operational goals for its stakeholders:
INDIVIDUAL USER:

COMMERCIAL USER:

CRYPTOCURRENCY
TRANSFER PLATFORM:

SWFT is a safe and robust
cryptocurrency transfer platform
with low transaction fees. Users
can access it through SWFT's
website and mobile APP. (Figure
2.2a)

SWFT offers a set of tools for
machine learning and big data
mining. Its unique transferpairing algorithm engine provides
banks, corporates and transfer
companies with a safer, faster
and more affordable trading
environment. (Figure 2.2b)

As a trading floor, SWFT provides
standard API usage for OverThe-Counter (OTC) transactions,
bringing in steady traffic and
high-rated users to the digital
currency transfers.

CRYPTOCURRENCY
COMPANY:
SWFT is a safe and robust
cryptocurrency transfer platform
with low transaction fees. Users
can access it through SWFT's
website and mobile APP. (Figure
2.2a)

The main advantages of using
SWFT are as follows:
QUICK & EASY PROCESS

OPTIMAL ASSET ALLOCATION

Cryptocurrency transfer through SWFT is fast and
convenient. Our platform proactively resolves the
problems of insufficient market depth and the
limitations of currency transfer.

Through AI algorithms, SWFT's platform efficiently
allocates digital assets. Its applications guarantee
digital monetary preservation.

BEST EXECUTION
By leveraging AI algorithms and cross-chain
technology, we can ensure the best possible
execution prices.

-8-

PART II: THE SWFT PLATFORM BUSINESS LANDSCAPE
AFFORDABILITY

STRONG GLOBAL PARTNERSHIPS

The traditional cross-border payment model has
higher remittance fees due to high associated costs.
It covers expenses related to payment processing,
receiving, financial operating and reconciliation.
75% of the mentioned fees account for the transitbank network maintenance costs. The remaining
25% goes to compliance, error investigation, and
foreign transfer costs. By integrating AI, through
deep learning, big data, and blockchain technology,
the SWFT platform makes each conversion cost
significantly lower.

SWFT connects global exchanges and OTC markets
to end users through the most updated and the
most comprehensive set of information on digital
monetary assets.

Revenue Models

TRANSACTION
FEES

+

SERVICE
FEES

Transaction fees:

Service Fees:

Revenue is generated through the transaction
fees that customers incur when using the SWFT
platform, users enjoy a discount if paid in SwftCoin
Tokens (See Chapter 3). The increasing traffic on
the platform will promote the rapid growth and
demand for SwftCoin. Our ultimate goal is to make
SwftCoin the industry standard for cryptocurrency
conversion fees.

The SWFT platform offers a range of services with
their respective fees, which includes but is limited to
the following:
• Automatic Transfer Under Complex Conditions: By
computing the latest and the most understandable
global-trading data insights, customers will receive
the best currency transfer execution.
• Intelligent Quantitative Conversion Strategy: On
SWFT's platform, we apply sophisticated machine
learning models - such as recurrent neural
networks (RNN) - to predict the price fluctuations
of various currencies, and suggest optimal
investment strategies for our users.
-9-

PART II: THE SWFT PLATFORM BUSINESS LANDSCAPE

Timeline

2018

2018, June
Global expansion - SWFT will provide
transfer services for up to 40 currencies
on 20 exchange platforms.

2017, December
Launch of SWFT mobile app, enabling
exchange services at four major
exchange platforms.

2017

2017, October - November
SwftCoin's launch on central
exchange platforms.

- 10 -

III

Introduction to SwftCoin Token

SwftCoin is a decentralized Ethereum-based blockchain
asset. Following the ERC-20 token standards, SwftCoin
performs similar functions as other cryptocurrencies
(e.g., Bitcoin, LitCoin, and Ethereum).

We chose the Ethereum platform for the following reasons:
Cost-Efficient Development

Security

Ethereum provides a blockchain platform with
the standard features that a company in the
industry needs. It makes the distribution and
reservation of transactions safe and efficient.
One can use Ethereum's smart contracts to
build a transparent and robust system.

Ethereum has steady nodes to maintain the
Ethereum network, which indicates that it is a
secure platform for crowd sales.

Liquidity:
SwftCoin is based on ERC-20. Additionally,
SwftCoin itself can be transferred, providing
sufficient liquidity for transaction fees.

- 11 -

PART III: SWFT TOKEN

SwftCoin Use Case

SwftCoin use case I

SwftCoin use case II

SwftCoin Use Scenarios

SwftCoin is the
recommended payment
method for transaction
fees across SWFT's
platform.

Customers can also use SWFT
at main transfer platforms
and OTC Markets. When
using SwftCoin, the primary
payment method on SWFT,
users will get more discounts.

SwftCoin is the only
payment method for service
fees. SWFT collaborates
with traditional financial
institution and cross-border
payments companies. We
provide them with blockchain
solutions and use SwftCoin
for settlement fees.

SwftCoin can be used for：
- 12 -

PART III: SWFT TOKEN

SwftCoin is based on a
decentralized blockchain
system (Ethereum),
which means that it does
not rely on any external
financial institution. The
token's existence is not
dependent on the stability
of such an organization.

Why SwftCoin ?
SwftCoin does not
involve transactions with
fiat, which increases
convenience and speed.

The OTC Market needs
a robust cryptocurrency
for settlement and
transparency to avoid the
fiat regulatory risks.

SwftCoin has the
potential to establish a
common ground for the
transfer between different
cryptocurrencies.

The financial institutions
and cross-border payment
companies need a unified
currency to guarantee the
security of transactions.

- 13 -

PART III: SWFT TOKEN

How to get SwftCoin?

Similar to Bitcoin and Ethereum, there are two
ways to get SwftCoins:
I. On BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORMS

II. ON EXCHANGES:

Each user will have an exclusive address for
initiating transactions and receiving funds
on Ethereum's blockchain. The process is
transparent and irreversible.

People can buy SwftCoin on the mainstream
token exchanges. Users can also directly purchase
SwftCoin from the SWFT transfer platform.

In this chapter, we introduce the transfer dynamics between fiat and cryptocurrency,
as well as different cryptocurrencies. The system currently supports four kinds of
currency transactions:

Fiat

Fiat

Fiat

Cryptocurrency

Cryptocurrency

Cryptocurrency

We provide smooth, effective service to support the transfer !
- 14 -

PART III: SWFT TOKEN

Exchange Processing

2

Contract B

1

Contract A

Contract E

3

1

Contract D

Contract C

3
1

3

1

3

1

User submits the trade request.

2

SWFT searches the best route for specific trading pairs.

3

User gets the result from the contract and receives the agreed-upon amount of coins.

- 15 -

PART III: SWFT TOKEN

Overall Architecture

Figure 4.2 Plarform architecture

Client APPs

Back-end

Data Storage

iOS/Android/Web. The Client
APPs make it easy for individual
and institutional users to
effectuate transactions. Users
can access SWFT's transfer
services on their computers and
smartphones.

SWFT's back-end includes three
systems: Account Management,
Currency Transfer, and Multiple
Transfers Bridge. The latter
connects mainstream exchanges
and combines the information
to SWFT's back-end, enabling
SWFT's platform to provide
more liquidity to users.

SWFT uses both local storage
and advanced cloud storage
solutions to ensure the safety
and duration of data.

- 16 -

IV

Core Members

Ramble
CEO

Zhanlei Ma
CTO

President of the North American Blockchain Association
in California, U.S.A; CEO of Guiyang Blockchain
Incubator in Guizhou Province; Partner of Guiyang
Blockchain Fintech Capital Fund in Guizhou Province;
Chairman of Fujian Supply Chain Blockchain Association
in Fujian Province, China; Founder of Goocoin Inc,
the first Cryptocurrency Mobile App in Beijing, China.
Ramble has been a pioneer in cryptocurrency and
blockchain technology since 2010.

Tsinghua University, M.Sc. in computer
science. He was previously the technical
director at a securities company and a
consumer finance company. Zhanlei is an
early pioneer in the blockchain space with
deep technical expertise.

Alex Witt
CFO

Yong Ren
Senior Engineer

Graduated from the London School of Economics (LSE)
and Tsinghua University’s School of Economics and
Management. Alex started his career in equity research
at Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research (GIR)
department and then engaged in venture capital
investments. He is an early investor in Bitcoin and
Ethereum and active in the blockchain space.

Tsinghua University, Ph.D., with in-depth
knowledge of AI technology - including the
basis of Ethereum.

Christina Rinker
CMO

Qian Wan

Christina has 12 years' experience in Cargill with rich
management-level experience in marketing, PR and
business development in Silicon Valley across AI,
robotics, consumer electronics, blockchain and crypto
currencies. Christina was educated across the US,
Europe, and Asia, holding a master's degree in futures
and securities and an MBA from HULT IBS.

Tsinghua University, M.Sc., and North
Carolina State University, B.S. Wan has
been working in Silicon Valley for 12
years as a senior technical manager
of ReadenCommerce and the Chief
Technology Officer of GooCoin. He
specialized in encryption algorithm and
blockchain technology.
- 17 -

PART IV: TEAM

Xingtao Niu

Lianqiang Mao

Tsinghua University, M.Sc. Niu has been
working as a technical senior for 15 years.
He has worked as the Chief Technology
Officer in multiple industries - such as
electronics, games, and stock exchange.

Johns Hopkins University, M.Sc, and
Tsinghua University, B.S. Mao has worked
as a full stack engineer at Snapcard, a
Silicon Valley company specialized in money
transfer via blockchain. He is proficient in
the basics of robotics technology.

Xin Huang

Shiyu Wang

Columbia University, M.Sc, and Tsinghua
University, B.S. Huang has worked as a full
stack engineer at a Blockchain startup in
Silicon Valley, where he developed expertise
in engine development of currency trading.

Oxford University, M.Sc. Wang is a former
enterprise, government and banking
consultant of KPMG.

Mo Zhang

Gang Liu

Tsinghua University, M.Sc. Zhang was in
charge of the overall construction of crossborder payment systems, risk prevention
system and personal financial system at
China Minsheng Banking Corporation Ltd.

Tsinghua University, M.Sc. Liu is a former
operations manager of 360 products in
Tencent.

Yun Xu
University of California, B.S, and is
currently studying for a masters degree
in Financial Engineering at the University
of Southern California, with a focus
on applied-Blockchain technology and
marketing analysis.

- 18 -

PART IV: TEAM

Competition
Some of the core members of SWFT's team were many early players
in the Bitcoin community. Our technicians have years of experience
in business development of cryptocurrency exchanges and transfer
platforms. The entire team has in-depth knowledge of Blockchain,
automated trading, machine learning, big data and Artificial Intelligence.
SWFT has established a stable relationship with governments. Many
core members of the team, as well as advisors, have been working as
Blockchain consultants in legal stances, at relevant financial institutions
and the government. They have also been pioneers, integrating the
first batch of the Financial Blockchain Regulatory Sandbox in Guiyang.
Moreover, we proactively communicate with China Securities Regulatory
Commission, the People's Bank of China, State Administration of Foreign
Exchange, and overseas financial institutions.

- 19 -

PART IV: TEAM

Advisors
Lei Tan

Xujun Lv

Author of Blockchain 2.0 and co-founder of
Blockchain Association in North America. Tan
graduated from Duke University with a masters
degree and worked at Microsoft for 14 years. He
is an expert in Big Data and Blockchain.

Oregon State University, M.Sc in
Economics and Computer Science, and
Peking University, B.S. Lv was formerly
the co-founder and CTO of Factom. He
has 20 years of experience in Internet
and software development, as well as
management and entrepreneurship, in the
US, China, and Europe.

Dou Wang
Blockchain robot inventor, social media marketing
expert, and the founder of Geeks fund. He has
more than ten years of experience working as a
marketing director at IBM, MOTO, and HP. Wang
is the author of " The memoir of IBMPC." Wang
has been researching and developing intelligent
chat robots in Silicon Valley since 2015. He is also
running a large community of geek users and
students from 200 countries and regions around
the world, and actively developing and managing
a high-value entrepreneur community with 1.52
million members. Wang is currently a member
of Silicon Valley Venture Capital.and active in the
blockchain space.

John Shen
He is the founder and CEO of Sunstone
Management in the United States and EB-5
“Regional Centers Holding Group.” John obtained
his JD degree from Peking University, in Beijing,
in 1992 and an M.Sc. degree of Statistics and
Sociology from Duke University in 1996. Shen has
been serving as the Chairman of the Admissions
Committee of the Alumni Association of Duke
University since 2013. In 1993, John received
Henry Luce Foundation Fellowship and began his
graduate study at Duke University. In 2015, he
received the “Forever Duke” Outstanding Alumni
Award from Duke University. In 2016, he became
a member of James B Duke Society and the
President Society Council at Duke University.

Shuoji Zhou
He is the founder of FBG Blockchain
Investment Funds, an expert in digital
currency exchange, and an active investor
in blockchain technology. Zhou is a
blockchain pioneer and the leader of a
digital currency community in China. He
founded and managed two private funds
in digital currencies. He has eight years of
experience working as a technical advisor
at IBM and Oracle.

Lijian Xiong
He is currently Nei Meng Bao's CEO. Xiong
graduated from the MBA program at Tsinghua
University School of Economics and Management,
and as a Bachelor of Engineering at Beijing
University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
He has 16 years of experience on Internet, IT
management, e-commerce and digital marketing,
three years of experience in blockchain and digital
currencies research and business operations. Now,
Xiong is committed to the blockchain technology
through new economic entrepreneurial and early
investment projects. He was involved in the
creation of DigInForce, WiiBox, SFARDS and many
other mining hardware and software technology
companies. Before the venture career, he served
as a US Internet company vice president for an
e-commerce company in mainland Hong Kong.
- 20 -

PART IV: TEAM

Institutional Advisor: North America Blockchain Association (NABA)
Founded in the Silicon Valley in 2016, North America Blockchain Association (NABA) is the
first non-profit organization of blockchain technology in the United States. Its mission is to be
the advocate for blockchain technology, provide members and society with profound analysis
and studies of the latest technologies and industry pioneers, as well as to aggregate industrial
resources. Its members include blockchain technology enthusiasts, high-tech practitioners, and
professionals from the US banks, investment banking, insurance and other financial industries,
academic institutions and universities. Since its inception, NABA has been committed to promoting
the development of global blockchain technology and fostering blockchain collaboration between
China and the United States.

- 21 -

VI

SwftCoin Distribution Plan

50%

Initial Token Sale
for community initiatives

50%
be distributed among founders
and the development teams.

1. 50% of all tokens will be distributed at the Initial

2. 50% of all tokens will be distributed among founders and the

Token Sale, and for community initiatives.

development teams.

This measure will ensure long-term growth of the

During the next 4 years, 50% of all tokens will be distributed

SWFT and the SwftCoin tokens and will support the

for community initiatives, business development, academic

development of the platform as a whole.

research, blockchain education and market expansion. The

(1) 30% of all tokens will be distributed during the Initial

distribution of this token percentage will be 12.5% per year for

Token Sale.

four years.

(2) 20% of all tokens will be reserved as an asset to

(1) 20% will be used to incentivize founders, employees and the

bring value to early investors and market promotion.

development team. Each founder and employees will receive
part of their compensation package in SwftCoin tokens, which
will vest over four years.
(2) 25% for business development, market expansion, and
investment. 25% of the total tokens will be allocated to selected
industries and projects, which includes funding for strategic
planning, project support, and coin swap initiatives.
(3) 5% for academic research and education. This part of the
token supply will be used to sponsor education through research
institutions or organizations dedicated to blockchain technology.

- 22 -

PART VI: SWFTCOIN DEVELOPMENT PLAN

Transfer Ratio and Timetable
SwftCoin will support two transfer
options initially:
Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH),
according to the right benchmark:

I.

Cryptocurrency

Benchmark

1 BTC

1500000

1 ETH

75000

The total amount of SwftCoin, calculated based on the above benchmark, is

5,000,000,000II.
III.

SwftCoin will be issued to the user’s account after one week of investment.
To keep up with the project process, please visit: www.SwftCoin.com

Thaw Plan
SWFT's thaw plan is specifically designed to allocate the 50%
of tokens assigned to founders and development teams. It will
follow the timeline below:

Release after one year: 12.5%
Release after two years: 12.5%
Release after three years: 12.5%
Release after four years: 12.5%
- 23 -

Terms
Bitcoin:
Bitcoin is a global cryptocurrency and digital
payment system called the first decentralized
digital currency, once the system works without
a central repository or single administrator.
It was invented by an unknown programmer,
or a group of programmers, under the name
Satoshi Nakamoto and released as opensource software in 2009. The system relies
on peer-to-peer operations, and transactions
take place between users directly, without an
intermediary. The network nodes verify and
record the transactions in a publicly distributed
ledger called a blockchain.

Merkle Tree:
In cryptography and computer science,
generally, a hash tree or Merkle tree is a tree in
which every non-leaf node is labeled with the
cryptographic hash of the labels or values (in
case of leaves) of its child, or precedent, nodes.
Hash trees allow efficient and secure verification
of the contents of large data structures. Hash
trees are a generalization of hash lists and hash
chains.

Ethereum:
Similar to Bitcoin 2.0, it is a cryptocurrency with
advanced features. Developers need to pay
ETH, which can be traded on cryptocurrencies
trading platforms, to support their DApps.

Know Your Customer (KYC)
By requiring not only the name but also the
business or institution the customer is affiliated
with, one can prevent money laundering.

P2P:

VII

Peer-to-peer (P2P) computing or networking
is a distributed application architecture that
partitions tasks or workloads among peers.
Peers are equally privileged, equipotent
participants in the application. They are said
to form a peer-to-peer network of nodes.

Smart Contract:
Smart contracts are computer protocols
intended to facilitate, verify, or enforce the
negotiation or performance of a contract.
Nick Szabo first proposed smart contracts in
1996. Proponents of smart contracts claim
that many kinds of contractual clauses may
be made partially or fully self-executing, selfenforcing, or both. Smart contracts aim to
provide security that is superior to traditional
contract law and to reduce other transaction
costs associated with contracting.

AML: Anti Money Laundering.
Chinese government attitude
toward Bitcoin:
To protect property rights and prevent crimes
like money laundering, the Chinese Central
Bank and other five government departments
announced their position on Bitcoin. They
do not recognize Bitcoin as a currency. It is
a virtual coin, and as such, it does not have
any legal protection. People, however, can
trade Bitcoin at their own risk.
- 24 -

PART VII: APPENDIX

Frequently Asked Questions and Answers
1. What is the total amount of SwftCoin? Will the total amount increase in the future?
The total volume of SwftCoin is 10 billion, and it will not increase in the future.
2. What kind of currency will be accepted to buy SwftCoin? What is the starting amount of the
investment?
The public transfer will accept BTC, and ETH. The starting amount will be either one BTC or one
ETH.
3. What is the price of SwftCoin?
SwftCoin’s price, in regards to BTC and ETH, will be determined by the market price of BTC and ETH
before the public fundraising.
4. What is the initial distribution?
SwftCoin will be distributed as follows: 50% of the total amount, which is 5 billion tokens, will be
used for private sales. The earning of private sales will be allocated to financing SWFT's operations
for the next four years, which includes accounting for system development, marketing, finance and
legal advice. The remaining tokens of this portion will be assigned to teams, which will sell them to
institutional investors through private placements.
5. How will the value of SwftCoin increase in the future?
The central function of the platform is to provide four types of currency transfer services, charging
specific fees during the process. SwftCoin will be the service tokens. With the increasing usage and
traffic of SWFT, the demand of SwftCoin will grow. As the supply of SwftCoin is limited, its value
will increase due to its growing usage.
6. I followed all the instructions to deposit tokens, why did my order not go to the next step?
Please check whether the token amount that you want to send is the same as the amount in the
order.
If not, please correct the amount.
If it’s the same, please check whether the sending address is the same as the sending address in
the order; if the address is different, tokens cannot be retrieved.
If deposit amount and address are correct, please be patient, exchange delays may be caused by
internet traffic.
7. Why did I receive a token amount different from the quoted amount when my order was
created?
The quote provided is based on real-time exchange rates, the rate will change during the transfer
process, the final amount received will be based on the real-time exchange rate at the time of
transfer execution minus gas fees.
- 25 -

PART VII: APPENDIX

Frequently Asked Questions and Answers
8. How long does the exchange take？
Transfers usually take around 3 minutes, but the speed may be affected for many reasons,
including whether the information was correctly entered, current blockchain network condition, and
whether withdrawal from the exchange is timely.
9. Will there be a refund for failed transfers？
If the order isn't completed (including not deposit in valid time, not choose exchange mode, not
deposit SwftCoins in transaction fee as SwftCoin mode, deposit amount not same as amount in
order), system will make refund in 48 hours, but gas fee will be deducted, please remember to
enter your refund address in exchange history in order to get the refund. If you entered the wrong
token type address for the return, there will be no refund.
If you followed the instructions and the order still isn’t complete due to system error, please contact
customer service or send an e-mail immediately.
10. What should I do if I accidently quit the SWFT APP during the transfer？
You can locate the transfer on the “Transfer” page under the account tab and continue from where
you left off by clicking on the transaction and following the instructions.
11. I have already transfer my tokens but status remains “Sending…”
It may be caused by an unsuccessful transfer or the transfer amount is not the same as the amount
in the order, please check the blockchain network. If the transfer is successful but the status still
remains the same, please contact us immediately.
12. Order status shows successfully sent tokens but I did not receive them
Please go to order page to check if you have correctly entered the receive address. If not, please
enter the correct address. If you have correctly entered the address, please contact us immediately.
13. Why does the range of token amounts that can be transferred change？
The range of tokens that can be transferred depends on real-time changes in market transaction
depth and liquidity.
14. Why cannot I withdraw my tokens？
If you are withdrawing ERC-20 (Ethereum) based tokens, you need Ethereum for the gas fee.
Please deposit certain amount of Ethereum into your account.
If you already have enough Ethereum, please note that you cannot withdraw the same amount of
tokens to the same address within 24 hours due to system security settings.

- 26 -

PART VII: APPENDIX

Frequently Asked Questions and Answers
15. Why doesn’t my selected password meet the requirements for registration？
Passwords cannot contain special characters, including spaces and punctuation marks.
16. Do I need to deposit my tokens into SWFT before transferring？
No, just follow the instructions to make the transfer.
16. Why do I need to pay for withdrawals？
SWFT platform only charges a transaction fee, the only other fees for transferring are gas fees.
17. Why can’t I deposit all types of tokens on my Apple device？
SWFT wallet is currently in beta for Apple (iOS) devices, we will notify users once it is open for all
types of token deposits.
18. Why can’t I used the iOS app (Apple) after downloading the SWFT app？
You must first trust us the app in iOS System Settings: Settings –> General –> Device Management
–> BUNSITI.OOO
19 Why are there only a few types of cryptocurrencies on SWFT?
We are continually updating the app with more cryptocurrency types, expect more to come in the
near future!

SWFT
- 27 -

PART VII: APPENDIX

Disclaimer
This document is intended only to convey
the purpose of educating the reader on
SWFT's dynamics and does not constitute a
relevant opinion on the sale of SWFT shares
or securities. Any kind of proposal or price will
be made under a credible clause and subject
to applicable Securities Law. The report above
does not account for any investment advice,
investment intent or abetting investment in
respect of securities. This document does not
consist and cannot be understood as an act of
offering, sale, or an invitation to buy or sell any
form of securities. It is neither a form contract
or promise.
SWFT explicitly expresses the intention that the
user has a clear understanding of the risks of
the SWFT platform. Involvement in investments
means that the investor understands and
accepts the risk of the project, and is willing
to take all the corresponding results or
consequences personally.

SWFT disclaims any direct or indirect damages
incurred in participating in the SWFT project,
including:
(i) The reliability of all information in this
document.
(ii) Any resulting errors, omissions or inaccurate
information.
(iii) Or any resulting actions.
SwftCoin is the digital encryption currency based
on SWFT's platform. As for this text's date,
SwftCoin cannot be used to purchase related
items or services. SwftCoin is not an investment.
We cannot guarantee the values of SwftCoin will
increase. Therefore, it is also possible that there
may be a decline in its value, and those who
have not used SwftCoin in good faith may be
subject to lose their SwftCoin tokens.
SwftCoin does not include ownership or control.
Owning SwftCoin tokens does not correspond to
the ownership or authority over SWFT or SWFT
applications.

Risk Warning
1) The risk that loss of the certificate results in
the loss of the SwftCoin currency.
An Ethereum address is assigned to the buyer
before the purchased SwftCoin is received. The
only way to operate the content corresponding
to an address is through the buyer-related
credentials (i.e., the private key or the wallet
password). Loss of these credentials will result
in loss of SwftCoin. The best way to securely
log into an account is by saving the credentials
on one or more places - preferably not in public
computers.

2) The risk associated with the Ethereum core
agreement.
SwftCoin is based on the development of the
Ethereum agreement, so any error related to the
Ethereum agreement, including unpredictable
functional problems or attacks, are likely to cause
SwftCoin or an SWFT application to stop working
or misfunction. Also, the values of the account in
the Ethereum agreement may decline or increase
similarly to SwftCoin and other digital currencies.
One may find additional information about the
Ethereum Agreement at http://www.ethereum.org.
- 28 -

PART VII: APPENDIX

3) The risk associated with the buyer’s
credential.
Any third party that obtains the buyer’s login
certificate or private key can directly control
the buyer’s SwftCoin. To minimize the risks, the
buyer must protect his or her electronic device
against unauthenticated access requests.
4) Risk related to judicial supervision.
Blockchain technology has become the main
target of the regulation in the major countries
in the world. If the regulatory body intervenes
or operate, SWFT application or SwftCoin
may be affected by this, for example, the law
restricts the use, sale and electronic token
such as SwftCoin may be restricted or even
direct termination of SWFT application and the
development ofSwftCoin.
5) The risk of lack of attention towards SWFT
applications.
SWFT application may not be used by a
large number of individuals or organizations.
The public may, therefore, not have enough
interest to open and develop related distributed
applications, which would have a negative
impact on SwftCoin and SWFT.
6) The risk that SWFT's related applications
or products will not meet the expectation of
SwftCoin or its purchasers.
SWFT Application is currently in the
development stage. Before the release of the
official version, SWFT application may have
significant changes. SwftCoin may likely fail to
meet the buyer's expectations towards SWFT
application or SwftCoin.

through, for example, service or Sybil attacks.
8) Vulnerability risk or risk of rapid development
of cryptography science.
The rapid development of cryptography or the
development of science and technology, such
as the development of quantum computers, will
increase the risk of deciphering encrypted tokens
and the SWFT platform, which could cause the
loss of SwftCoin.
9) The risk of lacking maintenance or usage.
SwftCoin should not be used as an investment.
Although SwftCoin may have a high initial
value, a decrease may occur due to the lack of
maintenance or traffic on SWFT platform.
10) The risk of uninsured loss.
Unlike traditional bank accounts, storage on a
SwftCoin account or the Ethereum network is
usually not insured. In case of loss, the buyer's
tokens will not have any protection from a public
individual or organization. However, private
insurance companies, such as FDIC, provide
protection services.
11) The risk of application malfunction.
SWFT's platform may malfunction due to various
reasons, incurring unfortunate consequences to
the user, as the loss of SwftCoin.
12) Other unexpected risks.
Cryptography is a new and untested technology.
In addition to the risks mentioned above, others
are to be discovered yet. Other risks may
emerge individually, or appear in the form of a
combination of multiple already mentioned risks.

7) The risk of hacking or theft.
It is unlike yet possible that hackers,
organizations or countries attempt to disrupt
the SWFT application or SwftCoin's functions
- 29 -

PART VII: APPENDIX

References

Atlas, A. (2018). Money Transmitter License Information for all States. Retrieved from
http://moneytransmitterlicense.blogspot.jp.
Kim, T. (2017). Compare U.S. & International Wire Transfer Fees. Retrieved from
https://www.mybanktracker.com/news/wire-transfer-fee-comparison-top-10-us-banks.
Mckinsey & Company. (2017). Global Payments 2016: Strong Fundamentals
Despite Uncertain Times. Retrieved from https://www.smefinanceforum.org/sites/default/
files/post/files/McKinsey_Global_Payments
_Report_2016.pdf.
Medici. (2015). 11 Money Transfer Companies Using Blockchain Technology. Retrieved
from https://letstalkpayments.com/11-money-transfer-companies-using-blockchaintechnology-2/.
Nakamoto, S. (2008). Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System. Retrieved
from http://nakamotoinstitute.org/bitcoin/#selection-7.4-7.11.
The Economist. (2015). The promise of the blockchain: The trust machine. Retrieved
from https://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21677198-technology-behind-bitcoincould-transform-how-economy-works-trust-machine.
Wormald, B. (2016) "Remittance Flows Worldwide in 2015." Pew Research Center’s
Global Attitudes Project.

- 30 -

SWFT
Contact Us

Visit our website: http://swft.pro

Email: info@swftcoin.com

Telegram: SwftCoin/ SwftCoin (English)

Twitter: SwftCoin

Facebook: SwftCoin

CoinMarketCap: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/swftcoin/
Medium: https://medium.com/@info_57823

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/swftcoin/

- 31 -

