WHITE PAPER V 1.0

Warning
This document does not constitute a prospectus relating to a regulated
financial transaction and consequently has not been filed or registered
with the French Financial Regulator (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) or
any financial authority or regulatory body in France or in any other
country.

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

GENERAL DISCLAIMER

This purpose of this document (the “White Paper”) is to provide readers
with information on TALAO’s business model and projects.
This White Paper is for information purposes only.
The information contained herein is subject to change. Consequently,
updated versions of this White Paper will be regularly published by TALAO
on its website (https://talao.io).
While TALAO made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information
relating to its business and project contained in this White Paper and on
its Website is accurate and up to date, this information may not be
considered as exhaustive and this White Paper may contain omissions or
inaccuracies.
This White Paper does not constitute an offer or an invitation to buy
shares, securities, financial investments or rights belonging to or issued
by TALAO or any related or associated company. None of the information or
analyses in this White Paper is intended to provide a basis for an
investment decision, and no specific investment recommendation is made.
Accordingly, this White Paper does not constitute an investment advice or
an invitation to invest in any security or financial instrument of any
nature whatsoever.
The publication or circulation of this White Paper in certain jurisdiction
may be restricted by law or regulation.

2

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY...................................................... 4
THE MARKET............................................................. 6

Market Definition and Segmentation ...................................
Market Size ..........................................................
Existing Market Problems and Needs ...................................
Centralized Platforms own Talent data ..............................
Falsification of Resumes is common practice ........................
Freelancing Talent lose 10 to 15% commission to platforms ..........
Lack of power of Freelancing Talent versus their customers .........

6
6
7
7
7
8
8

THE TALAO PLATFORM..................................................... 9

Talao Platform Value Proposition ..................................... 9
Talao Business Ecosystem ............................................ 10
Talent ............................................................ 10
Communities ....................................................... 10
Clients ........................................................... 11
Third Parties ..................................................... 11
Competitors ....................................................... 11
Key Benefits of the Talao Platform for the Ecosystem ................ 15
Key Components of the Platform ...................................... 16
The Professional Reputation Vault ................................. 16
Decentralized Autonomous Organization ............................. 18
Talent Marketplace Processes ...................................... 20
The TALAO Token ................................................... 24
TALAO Tokens creation ............................................. 29
Talao Revenues Model ................................................ 30
Talao Use cases ..................................................... 31
GOVERNANCE OF THE TALAO PROJECT....................................... 35

Management Board ....................................................
Management Team Profiles ............................................
Advisors ............................................................
Roles & Responsibilities ..........................................
Composition of the Advisory Board .................................
Statutory auditors ..................................................

35
37
38
38
38
38

PROJECT ROADMAP....................................................... 39

General Roadmap .....................................................
Go-to market Roadmap ................................................
Technical Roadmap ...................................................
Budget Allocation (post ICO) ........................................
Round A: Budget Allocation ........................................
Round B: Budget allocation ........................................
Group comparisons .................................................
Governing Law - Jurisdiction ........................................

39
40
43
45
46
48
49
50

3

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Executive Summary
The team leading the Talao project aim to create in the next five years
the first Decentralized Autonomous Organisation with 5 million users,
taking a position in the top 3 global talent on-demand platforms, a $5
1
billion market according to the SIA .
Talao is the first public Ethereum-based decentralized and autonomous
platform dedicated to talent. It gives talent access to a huge panel of
companies asking for their expertise, enables them to benefit from smart
contract-based payments, and allows them to build a strong community-based
reputation, thereby disrupting the traditional working industry by
eliminating its middlemen.
The TALAO Token gives right of usage to the following services provided
by the platform:
•

Talent can have their resume and professional reputation
certified by the community and stored in a decentralized
reputation vault, allowing them to take ownership of their
professional reputation and select the potential viewers of
their qualifications.

•

Businesses can get access to the certified skills of a talent
pool, select the appropriate professionals, and find the
profile that best matches their specific needs.

•

Both parties can send and receive secured contract-based
payments, convertible into fiat or cryptocurrencies, according
to their agreement.

The Talao revenues model is based on:

•

Premium services bought by customers: priority status for
urgent request, skill-based screening tools or conflict
settlement,

•

Platform
adaptation
to
dedicated branded portal.

specific

customers’

need,

like

The estimated revenues for the platform are 2% of the Gross Payment Volume
(GPV).
The team leading Talao is a mix of Internet and Professional Services
entrepreneurs with a shared vision:

1

•

The blockchain revolution is about decentralization. The
public blockchain revolution, just like the internet in the
90s, will be a huge step forward in this direction, forever
disrupting the ways humans cooperate and build reciprocal trust
in a decentralized world. More than a technological or
financial revolution, public blockchains will be a decisive
factor in the transformation of human activities’ governance,
and within the coming years companies will have no choice but
to embrace this new way of thinking, sharing and working. DAO
will be part of the business world.

•

The public blockchains will become mainstream. As the Internet
was unstoppable, so too will the public blockchains be. The

See https://www2.staffingindustry.com/eng/content/download/246507/9128496/HumanCloudSummary2017_170912.pdf

4

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io
amazing mix of open source development, coopetition among
projects and the huge need for decentralization is creating a
unique mix of human intelligence, capital and momentum.
•

The working industry is accelerating toward a talent on-demand
model. Leading companies are pushing forward organizations
where top talent are engaged where and when needed. Talent are
looking for more and more freedom while being able to manage
their revenues steams. More than 100 million people are
freelancing today. This is the main trend of the future of
work.

•

Public blockchains will disrupt the talent on-demand market,
by creating a fairer and more efficient value chain. They will
enable talent to own their data, in contrast to today’s
platforms that centralize this data. Ultimately, blockchain
technologies and more precisely DAO (Decentralized Autonomous
Organizations), will enable a more transparent relationship
between Talent and business.

Talao is the move to Ethereum blockchain for eMindHub, a talent centralized
marketplace created in 2015. Currently, the platform allows businesses to
hire experts for specific missions. The platform is a working product,
live at http://talao.io, and brings together top talent and multinational
firms from a number of industries. eMindHub is essentially disrupting
itself to reboot the worldwide talent on-demand market with the Talao
decentralized platform.
With Talao, talent will:
•

Increase their value in the market with their professional
reputation, profile and experiences stored in the blockchain,

•

Freely
organize
themselves
in
Decentralized
Autonomous
Communities to maximize their wealth and professional path,
giving them more control and more leverage when negotiating
deals with large corporations,

•

Increase their revenues by 10 to 20% relative to the
traditional model where they were used to getting their work
through staffing platforms.

Welcome to Talao. Welcome to the future of work.

5

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

The Market
Market Definition and Segmentation
The core market of Talao is the talent on-demand market, a high growth
trend in the economy. According to a McKinsey report published in 2016,
there are four types of independent workers:
•

Contracting talent, who choose to become independent and derive
their primary income from it,

•

Casual earners, who
supplementary income,

•

Reluctant players, who make their primary living from
independent work but would rather prefer traditional jobs,

•

Financially strapped, who do supplementary independent work
out of necessity.

choose

to

work

independently

for

All of these talent types work either on Skills based engagements or Task
based engagements. Talao addresses the first segment: Talent working on
Skills based engagements.

Market Size
McKinsey, in their 2016 report, estimate 20 to 30% of the working-age
population in the United States are engaged in the independent workforce.
2
The Freelancers Union “53 million” report supports these figures, with
their own estimate of 53 million people doing freelance work in the US –
34% of the national workforce. People who freelance contribute $715 billion
in freelance earnings to the US economy.
India is likely the second biggest country in terms of independent work,
with more than 15 million people working independently in India as
3
freelancing talent .
The European zone is also
freelance: according to the
Independent Professionals”,
8.9 million strong in 2013,
EU labour market.

seeing an impressive rise in talent going
report “Future Working: The Rise of Europe’s
the European freelance economy was more than
making them the fastest growing group in the

Looking at the numbers, the key is to focus on the business of talent ondemand made over digital platforms. If one can look at the global market
off and online, we can consider the primary market of Talao in the first
years to be a shift from business done over centralized online platforms
to decentralized platforms like Talao.

2
3

Source : http://freelancersunion.org/53million
Source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freelancing_in_India

6

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io
The market is segmented as follows, by industry experts Staffing Industry
Analysts:

Figure 1: Segmentation of online talent on-demand business (Source: SIA 2017)

The global market size in 2017 is estimated to be $50 billion. The initial
market Talao is addressing is the one of centralized staffing platforms
like Upwork, Catalant, GLG and Toptal.
This initial market for Talao is estimated to be $5 billion in 2017.

Existing Market Problems and Needs
This $5 billion market, growing at a fast pace, has several structural
problems for talent and business:

Centralized Platforms own Talent data
When Talent are using an online staffing platform like Upwork or Toptal,
they do not own their own professional reputation and profile. As an
example, Elance freelancers’ reputations dropped when Elance merged with
ODesk to create Upwork. Highly qualified freelancers ended up with 70%
‘job success rate’ on Upwork due to many no-feedback projects from Elance.
The low “job success rate” clearly means considerably less success in
4
finding and landing jobs for freelancing talent .
Talao will enable talent to own their professional data and reputation.

Falsification of Resumes is common practice
When a business wants to work with a talent, there is a huge risk that the
information provided is misleading, or even factually false. We understand

4

See
details

https://www.usource.me/5-facts-upwork-isnt-telling-you-and-freelance-platform-alternatives/

for

more

7

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io
that 53% of resumes and job applications contain falsifications. 21% show
fraudulent degrees. 29% show altered employment dates. 33% have inaccurate
5
job descriptions. 27% give falsified references . Given the cost of a bad
6
hire , businesses are looking for a way to ensure the talent they hire has
the right skills.
With Talao, talent can communicate to businesses the access to their stored
data in the Talao Digital Vault, enabling a more transparent and secure
relationship.

Freelancing Talent lose 10 to 15% commission to
platforms
The rise of the Internet created a flatter world, but also created a
situation favourable to centralization of services around a few platforms.
These platforms are effectively taking 5 to 20% for each talent engagement,
representing a 5 to 20% loss of revenues for freelancers. Just looking at
the online staffing platforms, that is half a billion dollars each year.
Talao will have a 0% commission model, encouraging freelancing talent to
join the Talao DAO and get their share of this half a billion dollars.

Lack of power of Freelancing Talent versus their
customers
The relationship between a freelancing talent with his/her customer can
be asymmetrical, especially if the customer is a big one. When it comes
to managing disputes and resolving conflicts, the freelancing talent is
often alone, with a centralized platform typically serving only the
customers’ interests.
Talao DAO will provide a fairer environment, where transparency and power
are shared on both sides.

5

Source: Resume Falsification Statistics, Statistic Brain Research Institute, published on
Statistic
Brain,
April
2017
https://www.statisticbrain.com/resume-falsificationstatistics/).
6

According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the price of a bad hire is at least 30% of the
employee’s first-year earnings (Source: Forbes, The True Cost Of A Bad Hire -- It's More
Than You Think )

8

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

The Talao Platform
Talao Platform Value Proposition
Talao will disrupt the talent-on demand market by creating the TALAO
digital token, to be used by companies and talent to manage a fully peerto-peer business relationship. Based on that token, Talao will propose the
first fully distributed platform on Ethereum, thereby providing:
•

The first secured, global, fair and fully decentralized Talent
Marketplace, managed by Talent as a DAO, which means 0%
commission is to be taken by middlemen,

•

A unique way for talent to own their professional data with a
secured vault storing professional certificates accessible on
demand by recruiters and hirers.

Figure 2: The Talao Decentralized Platform

9

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Talao Business Ecosystem
The Talao ecosystem consists of 5 key players:
•

Talent

•

Communities

•

Clients

•

Third Parties

•

Competitors

Talent
The talent using the Talao Platform are any of five profile types:
•

Independent Talent: traditional freelancers who do not have a
fixed employer and work on a project-to-project basis,

•

Diversified Talent (slashers ): people with multiple sources
of income from a mix of traditional employers and freelance
work,

•

“Moonlighters” Talent: Professionals with a primary
traditional job who also moonlight doing freelance work,

•

“Freelance business owner” Talent: these freelancers have one
or more employees and consider themselves both a freelancer
and a business owner,

•

“Active Retiree” Talent: retirees willing to transfer their
knowledge and keep in touch with their communities. They are
especially active in engineering sectors like Aerospace, Oil
& Gas, and the Nuclear industries.

7

or

Communities
A community is usually a group of users who share the same skills or work
in the same market. Aerospace talent are a community, Graphic designers
for digital software applications are a community, software developers are
a community, open source committers are also a community.
The aim of the Talao Platform is to transform each of these communities
into a fully Decentralized Autonomous Organization, which means an
organization whose operating rules are encoded in smart contracts.
Similarly, all the financial transactions are to be saved in a blockchain.
There will be two forms of communities:
•

Autonomous Open Communities (AOC),

•

Autonomous Private Communities (APC), usually set up to gather
former employees or for confidential purposes: subscription
clauses are attached to the community and invitation will be
required to join.

7

The term Slasher was coined by Marci Alboher, author of One Person/Multiple Careers in 2007, to describe the 'slash' in the
job title of someone who is an X/Y/Z – as an example ‘journalist/web editor/PR’

10

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Clients
Clients are companies looking for resources in both core areas and noncore business. They can be big companies, SMEs, services companies,
training centers, institutions, clusters or research centers.
Their specific needs are to:
•

Cope with the intermittent lack of key competencies in-house,

•

Leverage external resources instead of maintaining a large
employee base, for anything from simple to complex work,

•

Expand the panel of external talent for innovation programs,

•

Find resources to open new markets,

•

Communicate with a broad community of talent in the world.

Third Parties
Third parties are a means for Talao to attract Talent or clients that are
not in the Talao ecosystem yet. They could be either staffing agencies,
consultants, job boards or even other marketplaces.
The third parties would benefit from the certification process allowed by
the token.

Competitors
The main competitors of the Talao Platform are divided into 3 categories:
•

The traditional Centralized Marketplaces (Catalant, Upwork,
GLG, Freelancer.com, Toptal, Guru, etc.) taking 5 to 20%
commission and a fiat-only payment system,

•

The blockchain based Marketplaces (Coinlancer, Blocklancer,
Canya, Mondo, etc.) with low commissions (3 to 5%),

•

The blockchain based, DAO based Marketplaces (like Ethlance)
with 0% commission, with different strategies to acquire talent
and businesses.

Traditional marketplaces are the ones launched from 1995 to 2005, and on
the client’s side with a value proposition for EU or US based companies.
The first group of players provides a low cost workforce solution, often
recruiting remote people from poor countries. The second group of companies
were launched more recently and propose more and more local freelancers
(EU and US based) as the gig economy has grown exponentially since the
2008 financial crisis. The value proposition of the second group is quality
through the best talent they try to select. All of these companies take
high fees (10 to 20%) on freelancing talent jobs.
The Blockchain Marketplace group is made up of new players funded through
a recent ICO. Their main point of difference versus the value proposition
of traditional players is basically a low commission fee (typically 3 to
5%). Some provide added value with a freelancing talent tribunal for
conflict settlement or provide talent with limited rights to change
platform parameters. Ultimately though they all have centralized
governance and still act as traditional commercial companies in paying
dividends
and
sharing
profits.
We
also
see
they
only
provide
cryptocurrencies as a means of payment for jobs. Our conviction today is
that it will take time to spread cryptocurrencies among blue chip companies

11

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io
and freelancers. This group acts as a brake to the fast pace of development
the market is demanding.
DAO Marketplaces like Talao are today not so common. Ethlance
(ethlance.com) is one of them, developed as a Proof of Concept of
District0x and Aragon, Ethlance is 100% full Ethereum with data and logic
stored on smart contracts. Ethlance was first to show the disruption
provided by blockchain technologies to all kinds of freelancing
marketplaces. Ethlance is commission free as is Talao. Our similarities
end there, with key differences in a number of areas, including: a
different architecture technology for data storage to welcome 5m+ users,
digital certified certificates to provide value to clients, a DAO of talent
with a voting system based only on reputation and a very experienced and
professional team of the freelancing business to develop and market Talao
as one of the TOP 5 players of the Human Cloud economy within 5 years.

12

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Traditional Marketplaces
Blockchain Marketplaces
Historic
players

DAO Marketplaces

New players

Companies

Witmart,
Upwork,
Freelancer,

Toptal, Guru,...

Coinlancer, Blocklancer, Canya,
Mondo, Indorse, ethearnal...

Ethlance

Talao

Founded

1995-2005

2008-2015

2017

2017

2015

Production

Production

Development,
production.

Production

Development, first
in production.

Access to a large
remote
low-cost
workforce

Best
freelancing
Talent
and
selection process

None

None

Reduce
risks
of
hiring
thanks to access to talent
certificates

Low commission (3 to 5%)

0% commission

Shareholders

Token holders

Current state

Value
proposition
Buyer side

-

Seller side value prop.

Governance

None

Shareholders

Shareholders

first

release

in

Legal structure

For profit

For profit

Not for/Limited profit

Funding

VC or Public

Token Sales

VC (Aragon)

High costs (5 to 20%)

Low cost (3 to 5%)

Free

Commission
freelancer jobs

on

Talent
community
reputation

release

through

VC + Token Sales

13

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Traditional Marketplaces
Blockchain Marketplaces
Historic
players

Membership
freelancers

fees

for

DAO Marketplaces

New players

Free and paid plans

No

No

Users

up to 15m for larger players

less than 1000 (excluding acq.)

Less than 1000

5000

Currency

Fiat only

Crypto only

Crypto only

Crypto + Fiat

Skill endorsement

Yes, Depending on marketplaces

No

No

Yes

Dispute settlement

Yes at additional cost

Yes at additional cost

Yes/No

Yes, Free

Vetting

Yes depending on platforms

No

N/A

Yes

Yes depending on platforms

No

No

Yes

Web
server
application,
proprietary software + Ethereum
smart contracts

Fully
distributed
data
logic
and
storage on Ethereum

Fully distributed data logic
on Ethereum and client side
app
+
Data
storage
on
distributed DB

Yes

Yes

Yes

Advanced
tools, IA,..

Architecture

Mobile App

matching

Web server
software

Yes

application,

proprietary

14

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Key Benefits of the Talao Platform for the
Ecosystem
With the Talao Marketplace, talent can:
•

Increase their impact on the market by organizing themselves
in Communities managed as Distributed Autonomous Organization
-DAO-, leveraging the full power of blockchain,

•

Realize a reduction to 0% commission fees,

•

Increase their value on the job market with blockchain
certified experiences when getting hired for a mission or after
the completion of courses,

•

Use fiat and cryptocurrencies escrow account for payment,

•

Register with verified or anonymous profile,

•

Settle conflicts with no mediator fees.

With the Talao marketplace, a client / requestor can:
•

Find content: answers to questions, documents, MOOCs, etc.,

•

Conduct a direct search of the DAO talent database and access
top talent Reputation Vault,

•

Hire talent for temporary or permanent missions (online calls,
assignments, hiring),

•

Outsource a project to a pool of talent and manage contracts.

With Talao, talent can:
•

Sell access to his/her Reputation Vault,

•

Submit bids,

•

Apply for a mission,

•

Monetize his/her network,

•

Share/sell content.

15

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Key Components of the Platform
The Professional Reputation Vault
Overview
The Talao protocol allows talent to own their data: they can control their
past experiences, choose who can access it and contact them. This is
supported by credentials and experience certification. This data is
8
available on two supports: a smartphone wallet, provided by Blockcerts ,
and a personal Professional Reputation Vault.

Professional Reputation Vault
Reputation Vault is a powerful tool for the Talao community, the client
and the talent. It allows the community to manage anonymous certificates
accessed from job boards and marketplaces. From the client perspective,
the Reputation Vault makes it easier to query complex data. But above all,
for the talent, it allows an individual to control their own asset and
potentially gain profits from it (when used by others).
This is the most powerful tool provided to talent to control their own
asset and potentially get profits back to its use by others (job boards,
marketplace, etc.). The certificate issuance is a key point of that
process, if certificates are issued widely at a low price (see Blockcerts
9
tools ), one can foresee a large adoption of the Professional Reputation
Vault outside the Talao marketplace.
Within the vault, it is possible to store Blockcerts Certificates and
other documents to prove skills and professional experience. The Reputation
Vault is supported by a decentralized, distributed trustless consensus and
secured data storage system; Ethereum is only used to store data addresses.
Talent is the only owner of his/her Reputation Vault. The Reputation Vault
is GDPR compliant as talent can remove any piece of data. Since they own
the data, Talent will have the option to give clients and agents read
access to their vault.

Confidence Index and FCR standard
As talent members are free to set up fees to give access to their
credentials inside the Reputation Vault, it is only fair that clients have
an independent valuation of that asset. This is the purpose of the
Confidence Index. It is an absolute quotation of the confidence one can
give to the resume through certificates. A high Confidence Index is a
proof of honesty and sincerity. The Confidence Index can value any resume
wherever it is exposed (personal web page, social media network, job
boards, freelancing marketplaces…).

8
9

See https://blockcerts/org/about.html

16

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

The Confidence Index is based on the Fully Certified Resume standard (FCR).
A Fully Certified Resume consists of verified information relating to:
•

Contact details: Identity / Location (city-country) / Mobile
Phone / Email Address

•

Education: Diploma / Professional training

•

Experience: Client / Mission Statement / Type / Duration

•

Skills: Hard Skills / Soft Skills / Languages

Resumes are valued through a Confidence Index compared to FCR. That number
is 0 if undefined and the maximum is 100. The Confidence Index values
resumes compared to FCR as follows (figures may change):
•

Contact details: 30, of which:

•

Identity: 20 (photo with passport in hand)

•

Mobile phone number: 10 (verification code)

•

Education: 10

•

Experience: 20 (information provided by authenticated client)

•

Skills: 40, of which (evaluation done by at least 3 different
authenticated clients to be taken into account)

•

Hard skills category: 15 (star rating for the 3 main skills)

•

Soft skills category: 15 (star rating for the 3 main skills)

•

Languages: 10 (star rating)

Certification process
Skills can be certified in two ways:
•

Endorsement by other talent,

•

Assignment by an authenticated customer after completion of a
skill-based engagement.

Endorsement
Talent can make a claim associated with their own profile. A claim can
relate to a degree or a professional or personal skill. When creating a
claim, talent needs to attach proof that can be verified by the community.
The community then randomly chooses talent, acting as approvers who can
consider the claim, entering the “verification period”. The approvers
verify the claims and either approve or reject it. They can create a
specific questionnaire or test to assess the skills of the claimer if
necessary.
Every user, as a talent or an approver, will stake their own reputation
on either the claim or endorsement. If their claim gets approved (or their
endorsement is supported by the majority of approvers), their reputation
will increase, otherwise, it will decrease.
The endorsement process is supported by the TALAO Token. Claimers and
approvers transfer TALAO to an escrow account. Once the consensus is
reached, they gain or lose TALAO depending on the endorsement result.

17

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Assignment
When Talent has performed an assignment and gets paid, clients are invited
to evaluate the implemented skills.
Firstly, clients evaluate talent work on the basis of the NPS (Net Promoter
Score), based on two questions:
•

Would you agree to re-apply this talent on this mission? (hard
skills)

•

Would you agree to work with this talent again? (soft skills)

Secondly, clients evaluate skills in each of the following categories:
hard skills / soft skills / languages. Artificial Intelligence algorithms
deployed on top of the Talao platform propose a list of skills relating
to the job or project description.

Reputation Vault access price, agent and sharing plan
When Talent opens his/her Reputation Vault, an access price is requested.
That token amount has to be paid by clients in all requests beyond the
personal resume to get access to professional certificates, ID cards and
personal contacts, talent studies and any data talent provided to prove
their experience and skill. That price can be set to 0 or to any amount
of tokens decided by talent.
In some situations, talent may decide to appoint an agent (job board,
freelancing marketplace, social media, employer…) to expose his/her
profile and they may want to share the revenue stream with the agent. That
very specific functionality aims to allow talent to use the personal
certificate vault with any kind of staffing platforms they choose to work
with in the future. If talent choses to leave the Talao marketplace,
his/her Reputation Vault will still remain their own very personal and
tamper-proof place to store their professional reputation.

Decentralized Autonomous Organization
Decision Making Process
In order to run Talao as a Decentralized Autonomous Organization, token
holders and active members can call for objections, dispute and votes to
make decisions. The voting power is based on the reputation of talent
within the DAO.

Reputation within the DAO
The DAO reputation system is a core component of the Talao features. It’s
built with a light and simple implementation of the Colony.io pattern
specially for objections and disputes. Reputation (calculated on-chain),
based on the behaviour and client evaluation within the community, gives
power to influence decisions.
Each member of a community has an associated reputation score which can
be computed as follows (figures may change):
•

Contribution to the community (from 0 to 50 points)

•

Vote, objection, proposal, dispute, mediation = +1 point each

18

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io
•

Bad behaviour = -1 point

•

Decay = -1 point / quarter

•

Client evaluation balanced with economical weight (from 0 to
50 points, 1 star = 10 points)

As the hybrid voting is a core feature of Talao, the balance between client
evaluation and contribution will be set up by the community.
Client evaluation is calculated on-chain with, for instance, a mean of the
last 4 job ratings, taking into account the economical weight of each.
Talao will also offer the possibility to source external evaluations from
other platforms. This implies a data deny process through Objection and
Dispute to enforce their integrity.
Decay is a time-based automatic decrease of contribution numbers within a
community aiming at encouraging members to vote actively. Before voting,
Talao protocol determines the number of blocks mined since the last vote
and decreases the contribution number by 1 point per 600,000 block (figures
may change).

Objections and Disputes
As variables management are core within the DAO, Talao protocol aims at
building an efficient Objection and Dispute process.
Talao members can raise objections in order to modify variables within
smart contracts. For instance, objections may concern: a balance ratio
between client rating and contribution, a deposit amount needed for a
funding proposal or specific data sourced from an off-chain gateway.
The objections and disputes process is particularly key to verifying and
certifying imports of external data and client evaluations.

Mediation
The mediation process, highly necessary for the functioning of the DAO,
is designed to solve client-talent conflicts.
Clients and talent are able to open a dispute. As soon as a dispute is
opened, both parties have five days to document their arguments, propose
new figures and stake 5% of the amount of the dispute in escrow. Five
talent members above a 75 reputation rating will be randomly chosen to
vote in order to make a decision.
After this deadline, the mediation team will review all evidence and other
information provided to reach a decision within 2 days. Dispute verdicts
are final and irreversible.

Majority and other types of votes
Voting is used for objection and dispute, mediation, funding proposals and
to elect Management Board members (see Governance section). Call for voting
can be requested for one community or the Talao platform as a whole. For
voting in a community, the balance between client evaluation and
contribution will depend on the community. The voting process requires to
stack tokens for a period of time but we do not foresee a complex process
to lock and unlock tokens.

19

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Funding Proposals
Funding proposals are used to transfer funds from the community account
to either the Talao community account or member account (rewards, bounty
and budget).
In order to submit a funding proposal, a minimum reputation score and
TALAO Token deposit from a member is needed. The proposal is accepted if
backed by more than 50% of the reputation score of all voters. If the
proposal is rejected by more than 80% of the reputation score of all
voters, the funding proposal is considered as useless and the deposit is
transferred to the community fund.

Task assignment
Task assignment is the last step toward the full DAO. The long term
perspective, is that the Talao Team community, being open to any talent,
is ultimately designed to take over the day to day management of the
platform.
However, in practice several conditions are required to reach that ideal:
•

Business revenues allow for the financing of running costs,

•

DAO becomes one legal entity.

New smart contracts will be then deployed within that community to assign
tasks to managers and workers. Any talent will be allowed to join that
community and be part of the management team of the platform.

DAO Management Tools
Objections, disputes, votes, proposals and mediation are powerful tools
to run a decentralized autonomous organization but these are not sufficient
to make decisions in a context of ongoing change. Within the Talao
platform, opinion poll and vote delegation are integrated as DAO management
tools as follows:
•

Opinion poll, request and share advice: The opinion poll is an
off-chain application which aims to request advice from the
community in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire,

•

Vote delegation, identify key members within a community: The
vote delegation tool is a solution supported by an off-chain
application to identify key members within the community who
have similar opinions,

Talent Marketplace Processes
The main functionalities offered by the Talao marketplace are:
•

Creation of resume,

•

Researching the DAO’s talent pool,

•

Hiring talent,

•

Outsourcing a project,

•

Rating talent,

•

Sponsoring talent,

20

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Create Non-Certified Resume (as of registration)
When a talent enters his/her resume, AI extracts and interprets data by
block. Then it proposes a new visualization of the resume highlighting
skills and experiences it has identified. The talent can also manually add
or remove skills. This is basically a Non-Certified Resume. The community
will then have to certify this FCR to progressively get to a Fully Certified
Resume.

Conduct a direct search of the DAO’s talent pool
When a requestor enters
relevant talent profiles
anonymously and in order
free with the talent or
the confidence index.

basic keywords, AI manages algorithms to trace
within the DAO’s talent pool: they are displayed
of relevance. The requestor can either chat for
buy his/her FCR based on matching relevance and

Hire a top talent for a mission
There are three steps to hire a talent for a mission: clients post a
request, interested talent apply and ‘the best fit’ is selected by the
client.

Post a request
Clients describe the mission and formulate their needs guided through
decision trees. They can ask a series of questions to make a pre-selection
of talent based on their skills and their availability. Each time the
client refines their request, they are informed in real time of the number
of potential talent.

Experts apply for the mission
According to their skills and communities, talent are notified of the new
mission. AI can even preselect the most relevant talent for the mission.
Since the client may have a short term supply need, the system makes a
balance between expertise and availability to research the talent.
During the selection process, talent answer a series of questions
formulated by the client. Talent also have the option to recommend another
expert in their own network, and to be paid for this recommendation.

Clients select ‘the best fit’ talent
After the application process, clients can access the responses of Talent,
displayed by relevance and rating. This ranking can be customized and
adjusted by the client. Although talent remain anonymous, clients can buy
any FCR from experts in Talao who responded or directly got in touch with
them.

Outsource a project
Selection process
After posting their RFP, clients review proposals from experts of the
marketplace. To formalize the project, clients can make an order form that

21

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io
specifies terms and conditions regarding deliverables and invoicing. It
will be stored in the personal account and accessible at all times.

Project follow-up
Each project includes an online workspace shared by the client team and
experts. Clients can follow and verify work through different methods. For
hourly contracts, they can review a work diary tracking billable time and
record completed work. For fixed-price jobs, they can review the milestones
agreed with the talent. The Talao platform supports validation of
deliverables, enabling clients to validate each stage of the project.
Billing is then managed automatically.

Payment & Rating
The objective is to make sure no payments are made before all terms and
conditions between the contractors have been reached. From the beginning
of the project, funds remain locked on an escrow account (for fiat
payments) or on a smart-contract wallet (for payments in cryptocurrencies).
If there is no conflict, payment is triggered automatically when client
accepts deliveries. The two parties then provide feedback and rate each
other.

Sponsor a talent
Talent can invite by email other experts to join Talao. They earn rewards
the first time each new talent they sponsored is selected by a client and
his/her FCR is bought.

Costs and fees
Clients, posting mission offers, and talent, exposing their credentials,
only need to pay Ethereum gas fees associated with these operations. As
clients may pay talent with fiat currencies or TALAO Tokens, switching
TALAO and ETH from/to fiat currencies is a tool implemented on Talao (see
buy/sell functions of TALAO token smart contract).
A payment wallet and a physical credit card will be provided to talent at
minimum cost to use their cryptocurrencies with ease. As of today we
10
foresee solutions like the TenX cards . Talao Dapps would include
functionalities to transfer funds from the local wallet to the TenX Wallet
and provide links to order a physical Credit Card.

10

See http://www.tenx-tech.cohttp://www.tenx-tech.com/http://www.tenx-tech.com/m/.

22

Talao White Paper v1.00 – Source on https://Talao.io

Client

Main
functionalities
and
options available to buy or
stack

Available
for free

Register, complete and update
profile

x

Post a request / a RFP

x

Available
with
tokens

Tokens
transferred
to

Add
options
to
a
request
(anonymous, NDA, urgent, etc.)

x

Community

Direct search using AI matching
tools

x

Community

Access
talent
proposals

Open
and
workspace

answers

x

an

online

x

Community

talent

digital

x

Talent

x

Talent

x

Community

Create
digital
certificates
(wallet and vault)

x

Deposit

Claim for skill endorsement

x

Community

Endorsement

x

Talent

DAO involvement (voting)

x

Deposit

Buy access
vault

manage

and

to

Escrow
and
assignments

payment

for

x

Vetting and evaluation process

Talent

Available
with
fiat
currencies

Register, complete and update
profile

x

Answer request / bid on request

x

23

Talao White Paper v1.00

The TALAO Token
The TALAO Token is a utility token and ERC20 compliant. It is a media of
payment to access marketplace services and manage a personal digital vault.
It has 2 types of usage. Tokens are either stacked as deposits (protocol
stacking function) or transferred from client wallets to talent’ or
community wallets (protocol transactional function).
•

TALAO token deposits to participate in the community (DAO). One needs
to stack tokens in order to raise an objection, ask for mediation,
write proposals and vote. All of these features require a deposit to
prevent bad behaviour within communities. Bad behaviours are
typically useless proposals, scamming, fraud, etc.

•

TALAO token used for Gross Payment Volume (GPV). Clients can pay
Talent for their work with TALAO Tokens Although we believe fiat
currencies will remain the main media of payment, cryptocurrencies
will in the coming years surely be accepted by both clients and
talents. The GPV is the standard indicator to measure the total
business supported by one marketplace.

•

TALAO token deposits to open a Reputation Vault. A predefined amount
of tokens is then stacked by talent as a deposit. If talent leaves
and closes his/her Reputation Vault, tokens are transferred back to
the talent wallet. The Ethereum address private key is used as the
key of the Reputation Vault. Talent is the only owner of his/her
vault.
•

TALAO tokens to buy premium services. With tokens clients can
for instance buy screening services, urgent requests ranking,
conflict settlement procedures or access a one talent
Reputation Vault. Tokens are then transferred from client
wallets to communities’ wallets or talent (or agent) wallet.
Talent can use TALAO Tokens to request skill endorsements from
community experts (the highest skilled talent). Tokens are
then transferred from one talent wallet to a group of talent
wallets.

TALAO tokens can be exchanged against Ethers in the marketplace and are
also used to automatically refill user wallets with Ethers if needed (to
pay transaction gas). One cannot change TALAO Tokens against fiat
currencies in the Talao marketplace.
TALAO tokens are not associated with voting rights or revenues. The Talao
reputation system is not based on token holdings but client ratings and
DAO contributions. The TALAO Token is neither an asset token nor a work
token.

Thoughts on the economics of the TALAO Token
The approach presented here does not pretend to be an economical model of
the TALAO token usage. It should be read as a pragmatic way to provide
some forward looking numbers. All numbers presented are fiat numbers, the
rate of exchange with TALAO Tokens will be calculated as a theoretical
target within the framework of a global monetary base and an arbitrary
token supply.

24

Talao White Paper v1.00
We all know these numbers are open to criticism but at a minimum they give
guidance to future token holders to make their own evaluations.
Currency in circulation is estimated through a basic equation of exchange
MV = PQ with
•

M = size of the currency base in USD (token supply x Exchange
rate)

•

V = Velocity of the currency (token)

•

P = Price of services or assets concerned in USD

•

Q = Quantity of services or assets concerned

The token velocity is the number of times a token is exchanged over a
period of 1 year. Our assumption is a velocity of 20 for transactional
activities, the exchange equation is M=PQ/20. Stacking functions have for
calculation purposes a 1 velocity number. Speculative holdings are not
considered as part of the ecosystem monetary base.
Our framework here is a 5-year plan to develop the Talao ecosystem as a
key player in the cloud economy with a target of 5 million users. The
initial assumption of the average marketplace business, per talent, per
year, is 200 USD, and expected to be above average numbers in the industry.
The main reason is that Ethereum transaction costs will be perceived as a
barrier for low cost applicants.
The Gross Payment Volume is the standard indicator to measure the total
business supported by one marketplace. It is the sum of all invoices paid
by customers within 1 year.

Total users

Gross Payment Volume

GPV/user

5m

1 bUSD

200 USD

Talao

Key players as of today (data sources are company websites and annual
report).
Operational data is rarely reported as companies are all private companies,
with the exception of Freelancer.com. Zhubajie-Witmart (China) is not
recorded here.
Online Staffing platform

Total users

Gross Payment Volume

GPV/user/year

Upwork (US)

14m

1bUSD

71 USD

Toptal (US)

13m

Unknown

Unknown

Freelancer (Australia)

23m

$500M

21 USD

Guru (US)

1,5m

$200M

133 USD

PeoplePerHour (US)

1.5m

$100M

44 usd

25

Talao White Paper v1.00

TALAO token specific functions for vault management
The TALAO Token is an ERC20 token with a set of specific functions. As the
functions are included within the token smart contract, one may consider
the token as a trusty third party for both client and talent to establish
a relationship. That specificity allows the use of the certificate vault
whatever the platform (marketplace, job board, social media...). There is
no market trading and no third party between client and talent. To protect
client against bad behaviour, the TALAO Token cannot be replaced by any
other token.
•

function createVaultAccess (uint256 myprice) public: Any talent can
provide access to his/her Reputation Vault through his/her Ethereum
address and the TALAO Token. This function allows talent to set up
a token price for that access. A token deposit is withdrawn from the
talent account. The deposit is also used for Talent involvement in
the DAO.

•

function closeVaultAccess () public: Talent can leave the community
and close his/her vault. TALAO Tokens are transferred back to talent
wallet.

•

function agentApproval (address newagent, uint newsharingplan) :
Talent can choose an agent. The agent has access to the user
Reputation Vault. The agent will be authorized to receive tokens
from the client on behalf of the talent user according to a sharing
plan. Talent has only one agent at a time.

•

function setVaultDeposit (uint newdeposit) onlyOwner public returns
(bool): The Marketplace owner can set the amount of TALAO Tokens
needed to open a Reputation Vault.

•

function getVaultAccess (address talent) public returns (bool) :
This function provides clients with unlimited access to the talent
Reputation Vault through the talent Ethereum address. If a price has
been set up, TALAO Tokens are transferred from the client token
balance to the talent (or agent) token balance. If talent has
approved an agent, tokens are transferred to the agent address
according to the sharing plan.

TALAO monetary mass evaluation
The TALAO Token is designed to be used in different ways. In the following
section we provide an estimate of the monetary base for each of them.

TALAO Tokens deposit to participate in the community (DAO)
The amount of tokens needed to vote, to write a proposal or to push an
objection. A minimum amount is fixed at 100USD per talent. This is
considered as a deposit (a stacking function of the protocol) and not as
tokens in circulation.
Our initial assumption is that no more than 5% of the user community will
be involved in the DAO process. Within our framework we foresee that 5m
users x 5% x 100 USD = 25m USD in TALAO Tokens will be held as deposit.

TALAO Tokens used for Gross Payment Volume (GPV)
The new crypto marketplaces recently launched allow crypto payments of
jobs as a replacement of fiat currency payment. Unfortunately, we believe
that will not be the case in the near future as the adoption

26

Talao White Paper v1.00
cryptocurrencies will take time and there is some volatility and
uncertainty. Most of the talent business supported by marketplaces (GPV)
will remain in fiat. Talao supports both fiat and cryptocurrencies.
Our assumption is that no more than 25% of the Gross Payment Volume will
be paid with TALAO Tokens. Within our plan we foresee 25% x $1b (GPV) =
$250M equivalent tokens will be in circulation for GPV. Taking into account
an exchange equation of that transactional activity, we arrive at M =PQ/20,
M= $12,5M

TALAO Tokens to buy premium services
Taking a long term perspective, a critical issue once ICO funds are
depleted will be to finance the maintenance, software evolution and
marketing. Our assumption is that global operational costs should not
represent more than 5% of GPV. If premium services cover or overrun running
costs, Talao will break even. In other scenario, the communities will have
to decide alternatives ways of funding, like taking a small fee on GPV.
Within our framework we foresee that 5% x $1b (GPV) = $50M in equivalent
TALAO Tokens will be in circulation for this use. Taking into account an
exchange equation M =PQ/20, we get M= $2,5M.

TALAO tokens deposit to open a Reputation Vault
This use case is the most powerful tool provided to talent to control
their own asset and gain profit from its use by other marketplaces. The
certificate issuance is a key point of that process, if certificates are
issued widely at low prices (see Blockcerts), one can foresee a large
adoption of the Reputation Vault and consequently the TALAO Token protocol
outside the Talao marketplace.
Our assumption is that we will be in a position to convince an equivalent
of 25% of our own base of talent to use the Reputation Vault everywhere
they expose their resumes. This use case is a stacking function of the
protocol as the opening of a digital vault requires a token deposit. Our
initial figure is an average $50 deposit per freelancer. 25% x 5m talent
x 100 USD, we get M= $125M

Other token uses not accounted for
Ethereum transaction costs paid with tokens
Trading between ethers and tokens is provided by the Talao marketplace
through the automatic refill function of the token (automatically sells
tokens to get ethers to pay Ethereum gas.

Client access to talent Reputation Vault
This access price is defined by talent only. As it is quite difficult to
estimate the price and the access numbers, we will not account for this
transactional activity.

Escrow account
When fixed price contracts paid with tokens are signed between talent and
clients, funds are escrowed, tokens are stored for a while and velocity
decreases.

27

Talao White Paper v1.00

Summary
Token use cases

Assumptions

Velocity

DAO deposit

5% of 5 million Talao
users, $100/user

Protocol
Stacking
function, velocity = 1

Jobs Payment with
tokens

25% of $1b (GPV)

Transactional
activity, velocity=20

base

in

$25M

$12,5M

Transactional
activity, velocity = 20

$2,5M

Protocol
Stacking
function, velocity = 1

$125M

Access
to
Reputation Vaults

Transactional activity

Not accounted

Ethereum
transactions

Transactional activity

Not accounted

Escrow account

Stacking function

Not accounted

Not accounted

Not accounted

Commission fees

Opening
Reputation Vaults

Speculative
holding,
market
maker,
vesting
period

TOTAL

5% of $1b (GPV)

M= token
USD

25% of 5 m
$100 deposit

20% of
base

the

talent,

monetary

Average Velocity = 2,73

$165M

Taking into account the stacking functions of the protocol, the average
global velocity is estimated to be 2,73. The Talao protocol has two major
stacking functions: deposit for DAO involvement and deposit to open a
Reputation Vault. When users receive tokens or buy tokens they have
incentives to hold them, velocity decreases and the token price increases.
Assuming the marketplace is successful, within our framework of 5 years
we assume the Talao monetary ecosystem to grow to about $165M. We will not
provide any assumptions for the in-between period from ICO to the end of
our 5-year plan. As we rely on a coin offering split into 2 rounds, the
token supply should increase simultaneously with user adoption.
The token dynamic looks like the sum of
•

a linear function of the number of marketplace talent with the
addition,

•

a linear function of the number of Reputation Vault owners whatever
the marketplace/the agent they work with.

28

Talao White Paper v1.00

TALAO Tokens creation
TALAO Tokens will first be offered in a pre-sale. A public crowdsale will
then be launched.
Offer or acquisition of TALAO Tokens may be restricted by laws and
regulations. The TALAO Tokens pre-sale and crowdsale shall be restricted
accordingly.

29

Talao White Paper v1.00

Talao Revenues Model
The Talao marketplace and Reputation Vault are managed by a community of
talent as a DAO. That does not mean that Talao does not need revenues
streams to finance its day to day running costs, from technical to
marketing costs.
The Talao business model is a Freemium model, which means that only some
optional features are generating revenues. Basic marketplace features for
talent and clients are free to use: post a job request, post a resume,
quote an offer, select talent, pay a mission. Other features are generating
revenues. The Talao revenues model is based on:

•

Premium services bought in TALAO token by customers: priority
status for urgent request, skill-based screening tools or
conflict settlement are some of the most requested features by
customers,

•

Special paying features for Talent such as Reputation Vault
opening or DAO involvement need deposits only as one believes
that a DAO must not place a tax on its community. The DAO could
decide to change that, adding these features payment to the
revenues stream,

•

Platform adaptation to specific customers’ need, like
dedicated branded portal. See as an example the Platform
dedicated
to
Airbus
Mobility
program
(https://www.smartmobility-emh.com/).

Figure 3: Example of Platform adaptation to Airbus' needs

The Talao marketplace will also provide the possibility to community
members to vote and set up a Talent membership fee or even a job commission
fee levied on their business. At bootstrap and as long as ICO funds will
be available those fees will be fixed at 0, but in the long term, one can
imagine that kind of revenue stream will be needed to break-even. All
information about revenues will be available for talent members through a
community dashboard to enable them to make decisions.
The last key pillar of the revenues stream is the recurring scheme enabled
by the platform: Talent have a 0% commission fees and a reputation they
own when they use it, so they are keen to use Talao for all their activities
each year. The retention rate of Talent on the platform should by very
high, creating a strong retention for customers looking for the best
freelancing Talent.

30

Talao White Paper v1.00
The estimated revenues for the platform are 2% of the Gross Payment Volume
(GPV).

Talao Use cases
The following chapters give the reader a description of the different
target use cases of the Talao platform.

Hire a talent

31

Talao White Paper v1.00

Payment and dispute settlement

Rating and skills certificates

32

Talao White Paper v1.00

Open and manage a digital vault

Skills endorsement

33

Talao White Paper v1.00

Fully Certified Resume

34

Talao White Paper v1.00

Governance of the Talao Project
Governance is a key issue especially when migrating from a commercial
entity to a DAO. Several Blockchain projects are currently seriously
weakened due to governance mismanagement. We have a lot to learn from such
situation.
In order to avoid those kinds of troubles founders decided to:
•

Split its Coin Offerings into 2 rounds to limit the amount of
funds immediately available and so leave communities to appreciate
projects achievements.

•

Organize a progressive transfer of power from initial shareholders
to Distributed Autonomous Organization representatives.

Our conviction is that European countries provide secured legal environment
to setup and develop companies with transparent governance and strong
rules.
For those reasons the company supporting the ICO and the open source
development is based in EU (France) having its registered office in Paris.
The legal entity Talao is a commercial company (“société par actions
simplifiée”) governed by French law and registered with the Registrar of
the Trade and Companies of Paris under number 837 674 480.
Although it is incorporated as a commercial company, Talao is not deemed
to distribute profits to its shareholders. If any, profits will be
reinvested in the company to finance its development.
11

Company articles of association are public and a copy is uploaded to IPFS
and available on our web site. The DAO voting process is a public smart
contract.

Management Board
Talao is governed by a Chairman and a Board (“Conseil d’Administration”
in French). The Board of management determines the Company's business
policies and ensures that these policies are implemented. The Board
deliberates on all Marketplace's strategic issues, economic, financial or
technology policies, as well as on matters that the law expressly entrusts
to the Board or that the Board has reserved for itself. The Board of
management appoints the managers of the Company (COO).
As provided by Talao’s articles of association, the Board is composed of
9 members who are appointed by founders and DAO communities.
Board members appointed by communities are selected through the DAO voting
process. DAO members have reputation weighted votes only, the quantities
of tokens held by users are not accounted in the voting process to elect
Board members. We foresee the number of DAO Board members increasing from
1 to Board majority. From day one DAO members have veto rights on strategic
issues. Strategic issues are defined within the public articles of
association of the company. Our conviction is that founders are to keep
the project and investments control until their goals are achieved. They
support the vision and are responsible to investors.

11

https://gateway.ipfs.io/ipfs/QmZMzSnpqWpU79ueefZJUn2WeKLKReafF59oxdcZRYCnZs

35

Talao White Paper v1.00
The balance between members appointed by founders and by the DAO depends
on the Talao roadmap. Round B of coin offerings is conditioned by
milestones achievements and expected Board of management composition.
Consequently, any profit allocation is subject
requiring the vote of the DAO representatives.

CEO/COO

to

a

Board

decision

TALAO Board of Directors composition

Initial Coin Offering

CEO: N.Muller

8 members appointed by founders

COO: T.Thevenet

1 member appointed by communities (DAO) with veto rights
on strategic issues.

12 months : Coin Offering Round B

CEO: T.Thevenet

7 members appointed by founders

COO: D.Lafont

2 members appointed by communities (DAO) with veto rights
on strategic issues

24 months

CEO: D.Lafont

6 members appointed by founders

COO: N.Muller

3 members appointed by communities (DAO) with veto rights
on strategic issues

End of Roadmap

To be appointed by Board of
Directors

4 members appointed by founders
5 members appointed by communities (DAO)

36

Talao White Paper v1.00

Management Team Profiles
Nicolas Muller, CEO (ESCP Europe)

Founder of eMindHub, expert in Know-How & Skills Management,
with strong experience in Engineering, Manufacturing, and
Aerospace.

Thierry Thevenet, COO (ENSAM)

Former founder and CEO of Fi SYSTEM (public company), the first
French digital agency to take advantage of the Internet
disruption, as well as the Kairos Company, a scientific
expedition operator. Thierry leaded the Fi System IPO.

Jean-Charles Marcos, CCO (HEC)

Former AKKA Research General Manager, with more than 25 years
in the engineering services area, and with strong experience in
Energy.

Yoann Babel, CTO (ENSIIE)

Co-founder of eMindHub, 20 years of experience
development and management of open source projects.

in

the

Denis Lafont-Trevisan, Head of Growth (INSA, ESCP Europe)

Outsourcing and Technology Markets specialist, former cofounder of Fi SYSTEM, former Vice President of Capgemini and
VC.

37

Talao White Paper v1.00

Advisors
Roles & Responsibilities
The Advisory Board has two key roles in the development of Talao as the
leading decentralized platform of the talent economy:
1. Share of its members’ expertise and insights with the Board of
management to maximize the success of Talao, especially when it comes
to token deployment and adoption.
2. Give a boost to the Talao protocol and marketplace

Composition of the Advisory Board
The Advisory Board composition will be communicated in a new release of
th
this white paper, as at March, 30 2018.

Statutory auditors
MAZARS

61, rue Henri Regnault
92075 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX

38

Talao White Paper v1.00

Project Roadmap
General Roadmap
We started as a centralized system: since its version 2, eMindHub is a
full Web server based marketplace. From there, eMindHub will go forward
to Talao as a fully distributed, open and public solution. Migration and
development are managed simultaneously to keep an operating platform
available full time for clients and talent.
GAIA is the mixed centralized and distributed evolution of the eMindHub
v2. GAIA (the ancestral mother of all life) is based on the eMindHub
technical architecture but interacts with smart contracts on the Ethereum
blockchain for DAO functionalities and TALAO token uses. HESTIA (goddess
of the hearth) is the serverless evolution of GAIA. New releases are built
combining
4
development
axis:
Architecture,
DAO
services,
marketplace/vault functionalities and Business.
May 2015

eMindHub founded and incorporated mid 2015 by Nicolas Muller and Yoann Babel.
eMindHub is a unique web based solution that allows companies working in the
Aerospace industry to access the best experts in the world, quickly, efficiently
and securely.
eMindHub experts may be direct employees of companies (registered on behalf of
their employer), talent, researchers, or active retirees.

Feb 2016

V1: First release of the web platform on Drupal 7 with core functionalities
based on an internal credit system to post requests, add options (anonymous,
etc.) and buy experts resume
eMindHub allows users to access different communities of experts, grouped in
circles, either eMindHub experts (cluster of skills, geography, etc.), or
private circles, created by users : employees, alumni, partners, etc.

January
2017

V2: Second release adding core functionalities like rating, co-option, private
circles management, infrastructure & security, UX interface

Feb 2017

First Blockchain technologies evaluation in eMindHub Context
DAO functionalities implementation on private blockchain
GAIA alpha release on Testnet:

Q2/2018

Current eMindHub marketplace as a web server solution with DAO rules on Ethereum
Testnet.
Bridge between the two technologies are on client side.
Deployed Communities are Aerospace, Energy, Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies,
Open source Committers, Robotics

Q2/2018

Talao Initial Coin Offering

Q3/2018

GAIA beta release on Testnet

mid
Q3/2018

GAIA:
Talao marketplace on Ethereum MainNet, TALAO tokens are used on the
marketplace.
Blockcerts tools in evaluation.

39

Talao White Paper v1.00
Q4/2018

GAIA Digital Vault release
Current eMindHub marketplace as a web server solution with DAO functionalities
on Ethereum MainNet.
Reputation Vault with Blockcerts Certificates are available on client side.
Scoring Artificial Intelligence components on server side.
New communities are added to the DAO.
BigchainDB and other data storage solution in evaluation.

Q3/2019

HESTIA: Distributed Talao marketplace and digital vault solution. New UI with
on-chain data storage solution (BigChainDB or equivalent). AI components and
Blockcerts certificate on client side.
Talao 2nd Coin Offering 5 (Round B)

Q3/2021

HESTIA New release. Serverless solution on Ethereum or enhanced Blockchain
(Tendermint,...)

2022

More than 50 communities and 5 millions users.

Go-to market Roadmap
Overview
The go-to-market strategy is an action plan, it is the way to go of a
company, utilizing their sales and marketing teams to acquire clients. The
go to market strategy emphasizes the company’s value propositions. The
Talao marketplace has companies and freelancers as users, the entire
approach to success centres on the concept of a “virtuous cycle.” This
mindset drives Talao’s strategy since the very beginning. Satisfied clients
then attract more clients, mostly through word of mouth. Talent comes to
the marketplace to propose their skills to a wide panel of buyers, etc.
However, Talao is Talent centric and value propositions are objectively
seller side (Talent). In order to be efficient, one has to understand the
very specific nature of the blockchain ecosystem and how specifically the
network token ownership effect would interact with Talent.

Network token ownership effect
The token ownership effect as described by Nick Tamino in “Network
ownership effects enabled by crypto tokens are fuelling a new era of
Internet products12” is the main driver of the new Blockchain era.
Our conviction is that new network effect possible with tokens has to be
in the heart of the go to market strategy. The opportunity to incentive
early believers with TALAO tokens to develop an efficient go to market
strategy is a key issue. Those early believers will act as start-up
employees in the Internet era when stock options were widely used to boost
developers and shareholders’ motivation.

12

https://thecontrol.co/the-token-economy-81becd26b9de

40

Talao White Paper v1.00
For that reason, we designed Talao communities (DAO) with people (Talent)
only excluding companies (clients and third parties). For clients and
third parties, the TALAO token is an acceptable media of payment to access
premium features of a marketplace and a high value Talent base. For talent,
the TALAO token is a media of payment but especially a “monetary incentive
which gives early adopters greater upside the earlier they join the
bootstrap.” as described by Rys Linfmark13.
At Initial Coin Offering, the TALAO token allocation plan provides 15
million tokens to Talao to incentive Talent through Ambassador programs.

Action plan
Go
to
market
strategy
Talent side

Go
to
market
strategy
client side

•

Focus on tight Talent markets: Focus on markets
where skilled freelancers are rare. Talao already
opened communities to Aerospace & Energy and will
continue on Greentech & Energy, Open Source
Committers,
Blockchain
&
Cryptocurrencies,
Robotics, AI & Data Science, CyberSecurity
Consultants,
Marketing
Services,
Devops
and
Fullstack developers, Legal Services, Marketing
Services & Digital Commerce.

•

Identify communities influencers, convince them
to use Talao with Ambassador programs

•

Deploy Ambassador program for sponsorship

•

Deploy
Ambassador
acquisition

•

Propose Private freelancing marketplace: Private
freelancing
marketplaces
have
customers’ specifications for web design, login
process, confidentiality and data management
(White label or Talao branding).

•

Propose marketing campaigns to key players for
talent
acquisition:
Marketing
campaigns
are
prepaid contents, institutional communication and
press relation.

programs

for

business

International go to market strategy
International development will be setup Q3/2018, objective is to open
sales presence on foreign cities for international blue chips and high
technology brands. The International go to market strategy is mainly client
side as talent acquisition is based on community management and ambassador
programs driven from France.
As of today, candidate cities are London, Oslo, San Francisco, New York
and Singapore. Local presence must be light at reasonable cost with no
subsidiary company but one experienced sale representative, co-working
space and local communication agency for press relations. Targets are HR
and ICT managers.

13

https://tokeneconomy.co/macro-blockchain-1-the-end-of-aggregation-theory-ad199a0c03d8

41

Talao White Paper v1.00
Short term (2018) objective is to acquire in every country a couple of
references to address markets with local brand names. 2019 objective is
to offer a complete custom private freelancing marketplace solution
(possibly white label) with a Talao public access portal at an affordable
price.

Ambassador programs for influencers
Influencers are high level experts or consultants, known within their
community for their skill and experience. They provide consulting services
to companies as freelancers, take part to conferences and write articles
in reviews to build their reputation. However, they need to do marketing
and networking to get access to clients. They usually do not use
freelancing marketplaces as they do not accept to pay high fees on their
missions but would appreciate the exposition and contracting tools offered
by a talent centric and free solution as Talao.
The Talao Ambassador Program for influencers is to offer a token package
and a marketing exposition in exchange of community development and
management. That can be compared to stock options allocated to top managers
in start-up companies.
At bootstrap the token package is equal to 10 000 tokens with a one-year
lockup. Later the Ambassador offer package for influencers will be 5% on
the annual GPV (Gross Payment Volume) of a community possibly shared
between all the influencers of the community. The token package is limited
to 50,000 tokens per year per influencer. Ambassador program is limited
to 3 years.
We foresee up to 5 influencers by community, each of them based on different
countries.

Ambassador program for sponsorship
Users can recommend other talent in their network to join the TALAO
community. They automatically become their sponsor and they are rewarded
in TALAO tokens. A sponsor gets the sponsorship reward (50 tokens each)
once the new talent’s profile has been fully completed and a digital Vault
opened, and once this talent has concluded a first deal with a customer.

Ambassador program for business acquisition
The Talao Ambassador Program for business acquisition is a token bonus of
10% of the first 6 months of GPV generated on the marketplace by one talent
with a Vault opening. The GPV is fiat or crypto with a minimum of 2
different clients (with different bank details). The bonus is limited to
10,000 tokens per talent. That Ambassador program is limited to 3 years.

Sales ambassadors program
Sales Ambassadors act as direct sales representatives for Talao, selling
Talao services directly to customers. Sales ambassadors are selected by
Talao and must meet the following requirements: they must work on a
freelance basis, they must have a high professional-level qualification,
they are highly motivated to perform as Talao ambassador, they must share
the Talao’s values, and they must fully understand the functions and

42

Talao White Paper v1.00
features of Talao. Sales ambassadors earn a token bonus of 5% on every
sale they make, based on the GPV.

Affiliate program
Affiliates get paid for driving customers to Talao. Affiliates are provided
with a link containing unique identifiers, allowing Talao to track anyone
directed from affiliate's website. Talao tracking system captures
affiliate's URL, which guarantees the affiliate to be credited for any
referred customer. Only the first purchase from each customer on Talao is
rewarded with a 200 tokens bonus.

Technical Roadmap
Global Strategy and technical roadmap
This project should be considered as a migration project from a centralized
marketplace solution to a mixed centralized/decentralized and finally a
fully decentralized, public and secured platform.
The initial eMindHub environment is based on Drupal 7, an open source CMS
written in PHP and based on a MySQL DBMS. Artificial Intelligent algorithms
are coded with native language and executed on remote server as SaaS,
JavaScript is used on client side. Started in 2015, the eMindHub
marketplace is currently in production (live at https://Talao.io).
The Talao target architecture are a set of Blockchain dApps based on smart
contracts of a public Blockchain possibly associated with off-chain data
and off-chain programs. Off-chain data and programs must be then
indestructible and tamperproof to reach DAO standards. Smooth migration
between those 2 architectures is one of the challenges of the project.
Ethereum smart contracts are non-censorable programs that live on Ethereum
blockchain and have their executable code and internal states, including
storage for variable values, Ether and dApp token balance. Ethereum smart
contract can solve a number of data management problems. It provides a
distributed and permanent record of transactions that can be encrypted to
provide access to users, and new transactions are added and verified
according to protocols that ensure consensus.
As a reminder, GAIA is the mixed centralized and distributed evolution of
the eMindHub v2. GAIA is based on the eMindHub web server marketplace but
interacts with smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain for payment and
contracting functionalities. GAIA consolidates the marketplace software
with the DAO dApp and the Reputation Vault dApp.
HESTIA is the full serverless evolution of GAIA on a public blockchain.
Talao

DAO Dapp

Certificate Vault Dapp

Marketplace software

GAIA

Full
Ethereum
blockchain

Ethereum
blockchain
distributed data

Centralized, Ethereum blockchain
and distributed data

HESTIA

Full blockchain

Full blockchain

and

Full blockchain

43

Talao White Paper v1.00

DAO DApp
DAO functionalities are today coded with Ethereum smart contracts as a
serverless application. The current GAIA alpha release DAO DApp is
developed with a DAOstack smart contracts library (https://daostack.io) for
voting and a set of specific smart contacts for objections and disputes.
Depending on current development stage of Colony ( https://colony.io/), Aragon
(https://aragon.one) DAOstack or other new DAO fabrics, we may decide to swap
toward one of them. From our standpoint critical issues are possibility
to use a specific token pattern different from the native platform token,
pricing and an open and upgrading set of functionalities. Furthermore,
Financial Regulators are defining constraints, the TALAO tokens are clearly
not securities and then the DAO making decisions process must remain based
on a reputation system and cannot involve token holdings.

Reputation Vault DApp
The Reputation Vault is coded with Ethereum smart contracts and distributed
data.
It is a metadata structure with methods to access contents with Talent
agreement (Talent is the only owner of his Reputation Vault). The TALAO
token provides an allowance to clients and agents to access to Talent
certificates. Certificates are Blockcerts certificates issued through the
Blockcerts issuer tools.
We foresee the technical implementation of the Reputation Vault as a
directory with descriptions of Blockcerts certificates and their storage
addresses. Within the Reputation Vault smart contract GAIA will implement
an on-chain data access through basic skills requests (as Ethlance
https://ethlance.com). That has to be considered as a very light search engine
written in solidity. Data will be then stored on distributed files system
as IPFS (https://ipfs.io) or Swarm . In long term perspective we would consider
new options with Filecoin (https://filecoin.io) or other professional distributed
data storage solutions.

InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) is a protocol designed to create a
permanent and decentralized method of storing and sharing files. It is a
content-addressable, peer-to-peer hypermedia distribution protocol. Nodes
in the IPFS network form a distributed file system. IPFS is an open-source
project developed since 2014 by Protocol Labs (credits to Wikipedia).
In the new future we may also see the development of professional data
protocols ( https://dock.io or others) that will offer other alternatives. Our
main concern will be to keep a Talent centric solution where Talent own
their professional data.

Marketplace
solutions

implementation

with

new

data

storage

Ethereum transactions have high costs and slow performance. Several issues
can also arise in validation, in the degree to which data can be shared
or fed through external oracles, and in overall control of data storage.
There are many proposals to improve Ethereum to increase throughput,
increase scalability, increase storage capacity, or reduce latency. The
following architecture rely on a keep it simple approach to limit useless

44

Talao White Paper v1.00
costs but to build step by step an overall decentralized solution with
blockchain characteristics.
Our objective to rely on a fully decentralized database with blockchain
features is clearly not achievable as of today. The solution we designed
would be possibly based on Ethereum smart contract, BigchainDB and IPFS
taking into account future development of IPDB with consensus and later a
new blockchain with smarts contracts and database storage facilities (IPDB
with Ethermint).
BigchainDB (https://bigchaindb.com) is a scalable blockchain database. That
is, it’s a “big data” database with some blockchain characteristics added,
including decentralization, immutability and native support for assets.
IPDB is a public network of BigchainDB clusters that offers decentralized
control, immutability and the creation and trading of digital assets. It
will be overseen by the not-for-profit IPDB Foundation (credits to
BigchainDB).
However for efficiency and specially for private communities (companies
marketplace), the first releases of GAIA will keep the eMindHub data
management with PHP and MySQL engines on its server. Ultimately in the
last releases of GAIA data would be stored in IPFS and the metadata with
a hash pointing to the files possibly in BigchainDB. This would allow a
fully decentralized data solution and low transaction costs compared to a
fully Ethereum solution.
HESTIA will provide a homogenous solution through a new data storage
solution. With HASTIA an IPDB implementation of the Tendermint consensus
would provide consensus on the level of the metadata stored in IPDB. This
design would provide an oracle like architecture between Ethereum smart
contracts and a scalable database with blockchain features. Depending on
the storage costs in IPDB we could rely on a fully data/metadata storage
solution with IPDB.
In a long term perspective Ethermint network (https://tendermint.com) might
also provide a global solution with both data and smart contracts execution
on the same blockchain.
All those assumptions are built on current technical solutions available
as of January 2018 and tested by the team. For more information, see the
Talao Yellow Paper.

Mobile devices support
Mobile devices support is also a key issue and a technology challenge. As
of today, the Talao team is studying Status or Cipher to use it as a base
of its mobile device solutions.

Budget Allocation (post ICO)
This approach does not pretend to be a perfect evaluation of the budget
but a pragmatic way to push some numbers to go forward. We know those
numbers are open to criticism but at minimum they give directions to future
investors to have their own appreciation of the size and needs of that
project. Marketing is a key issue in the process of a marketplace go to
market strategy as former players have already large talents bases.

45

Talao White Paper v1.00
All the team members are fully dedicated to their job. Some are freelancers
and may work through the Talao marketplace but most of them work on a same
office based in France. Foreign teams are sales representatives only. As
of today we do not plan to swap production teams to foreign countries.
The global budget is estimated to 50/60m Euros raised into 2 different
rounds of coin offerings. Following budgets allocations for Round A and
Round B are based on a 5-years development plan from 2018 to 2023.
At the end of the 5 years plan the running cost of the Talao platform will
be about 15m euros/year. That would be a 1.5% maximum commission fee on a
1b GPV business and far less taking into account the freemium business
model and its revenue stream. Our conviction is that Talao will break even
without any commission fee within a 5-years development plan.

Round A: Budget Allocation
All numbers in Euros.
Marketing
sales.

and

Up to 25 sales
representatives

2018-2019 Communities management
and development for talents

Team of 2

2018-2019
Foreign
sales
countries) for Client

Team of 5

(5

500k€

20k€ /month

2 000k€

5x15k€ / month

2nd coin offering marketing cost

Software
Development.

Up
to
developers

20

Support
Up to 10 supports

GAIA Mainet release

Team of 3 x 6 months

250k€

GAIA Certificate Vault release

Team of 5 x 6 months

250k€

HESTIA distributed release (part
A)

Team
of
months

10

x

36

2 000k€

HESTIA fully serverless (part A)

Team
of
months

10

x

48

2 500k€

External services,
bounties, etc

50k€/ year

100k€

Team of 5 full time

500k€

audits,

2018-2019 User support
desk, phone, et)

bug

(Help

250k€/year

2020-2023 User support

Administrative
Management
Up to 5 managers
Paris offices
1 office manager
Legal
accounting
Cash reserve

and

500k€

Team up to 10

2 000k€
2 000k€

Sales
management,
management,
Management.

Product
Technical

Team of 5 x 2 years

2018-2019 : Offices,
insurance, equipment

services,

400k / year

1 000k

200k / year

400k

legal
fees
associated
company,
conflicts,
offerings, etc.

to
coin

Acquisition opportunity (M&A)

2 000k

46

Talao White Paper v1.00
Total for a team from 20 (2018) to 35 people
(2019)
full
time,
20 people based in Paris offices and 15 in
foreign countries.

15m to 17m€

47

Talao White Paper v1.00

Round B: Budget allocation
All numbers in Euros.:
Marketing
sales.

and

Up
to
25
sales
representatives

2020-2023 Communities management and
development for talents, meetups and
events, brand campaign

Team of 5

2020-2023
Foreign
countries) for Client

Team of 20

sales

(10

3 500 k€

100k€ / month

16 000 k€

10x45k€/ month

Software
Development.

HESTIA distributed release (part B)

Team of 10 x 36
months

2 000 k€

Up to 20 developers

HESTIA fully serverless

Team of 10 x 48
months

3 000 k€

External
services,
bounties, etc.

Support

(part B)

audits,

bug

50k€ / year

150 k€

2020-2023 User support

Team up to 10

2 000 k€

Sales management, Product management,
Technical Management.

Team of 5 x 3
years

3 000 k€

2020-2023
:
Offices,
insurance, equipment

services,

800k€ / year

2 500 k€

legal fees associated to company,
conflicts, coin offerings, etc

200k€ / year

300 k€

Up to 10 supports

Administrative
Management
Up to 5 managers

Paris offices
1 office manager

Legal
accounting

Cash reserve

and

Acquisition opportunity (M&A)

Total for a team of 35 from (2019) to 60 people (2023) full time,
30 people based in Paris offices and 30 in foreign countries.

3000 k€

30
35m€

to

48

Talao White Paper v1.00

Group comparisons
Compared to key players previous funding rounds, that estimate is average.
Best practices and designs are available right now on competitors’ products
and allow rapid development. However as of today we do not have feedbacks
to take into account a technology efficiency factor to foresee faster or
cheaper scenario.
Below funds raised by competitors, all numbers in USD.

Platforms

Seed+Round A

Round B

Round
C

Round
D

Round E

Total
funding

Catalant

$4.45M

$7.8M

$22M

$41M

N/A

Freelancer

$1.82M

$14,05M

$7,85M

$7,35M

N/A

Upwork

$12M

$50M

$15M

$15M

and
USD

Guru

$25M

$16M

N/A

N/A

N/A

$40M

Fiverr

$5M

$15M

$30M

$60M

N/A

$111M

Shiftgig

$3M

$11M

$22M

$20M

N/A

$56M

$31M

others

76m

$168M

Figure 4: Historical Financing Rounds of Talao’s centralized marketplace competitors
(source: Crunchbase.com)

49

Talao White Paper v0.99

Governing Law - Jurisdiction
This White Paper and any contractual relationship arising in relation with
the products and services sold or provided by TALAO shall be governed and
construed in accordance with French law. If any dispute that may arise in
connection with this Withe Paper or the products and services sold or
provided by TALAO has not been solved by mean of a prior amicable
settlement, then such dispute shall be brought before the Court of Paris
(France).

50

