Target Coin - White Paper
6th April, 2017

World’s first bonus paying Crypto Fund
Abstract
TGTCoin introduces a new and innovative business model which allows investors to
capitalize on the rise of the blockchain technology and generate risk adjusted returns on an
array of diverse crypto currencies.
TGTCoin makes it easier for the investors to invest in the blockchain technology without
dealing with the risks, technical barriers, transferring, owning and trading on their own.
TGTCoin is open for investments only during the different rounds of ICOs. TGTCoin is a
close-ended fund built using smart contracts that makes use of Machine Learning, Technical
Analysis and Big Data to invest and trade in the blockchain technology while giving full
transparency to the investors.
TGTCoin issues tokens built on a profit-sharing, ETH based, smart contract.
The smart contract allows token owners to collect 75% of quarterly profits. TGTCoin will
reinvest 10% of the profits back into the fund to grow the capital pool.
Depending on the investor demand, TGTCoin plans to raise additional capital as and when
it deems necessary. This will be beneficial in order to increase market liquidity and market
dominance.
TGTCoin allows Net Asset Value of a token to increase over time depending on the
performance of the fund. In its essence, TGTCoin eliminates the barriers to entry and allows
investors to subscribe to the fund’s income flow.
We are also in the process of building a portfolio monitoring tool that allows investors to
conveniently check the trading history and validate the portfolio performance in real time.
Our vision is to deliver risk adjusted returns on both upside and downside in the market
using innovative technology and spearheaded strategy.

TGTCoin Model :
1. Fully transparent profit sharing smart contract
2. Token as a service business model
3. Use of Technical Analysis, Machine learning and Artificial Intelligence models to invest
and trade crypto currency tokens

1. Introduction
In June 2016, IMF published a report in their quarterly magazine calling Blockchain the
internet of trust and how it will disrupt the internet, financial services industry and have its
lasting impact on mankind.
The ICO market has boomed since then and private companies have raised more than $300
Mn since then, through ICOs. The Crypto Currency market cap has grown from $18 Bn on
1st January, 2017 to more than $110 Bn on 14th June, 2017. On an average every $1
invested in the crypto currency token has resulted in a gain of over $5 - a stunning 500%
return in a mere 5 months period.
The blockchain industry is still in its nascent stage and is expected to grow exponentially in
the future. The goal of this paper is to examine the problems faced during investing in the
blockchain space for an individual investor and to introduce a solution to minimize the risk
and maximize the returns using innovative technology and management expertise.
TGTCoin is built to change the process of investing in the blockchain and crypto currency
space and minimize the risk for individual investors through professional risk management,
money management and cutting-edge technology.

2. Process
TGTCoin offers a completely new and comprehensive approach to raising capital, managing
the fund and auditing through a transparent and innovative process.

Business Model:
TGTCoin is a close-ended fund, (CEF). A closed end fund offers its tokens to the public and
utilizes the capital raised to invest and trade other new and innovative blockchain tokens.
TGTCoin is all set to lauch its ICO on 15th July, 2017 which will last till 31st August, 2017.
TGTCoin’s model is built to reward its investors every quarter with 75% of the profits while
reinvesting 10% of the profits back into the fund to grow its capital pool.

Profit Distribution:
A smart contract is designed to distribute 75% of quarterly fund profits back to the investors.
Profits will be equally spread out over the number of outstanding tokens to the investors. A
minimum bonus of 0.75% per quarter will be credited to the ICO investors. The investors
with a large share of tokens will collect a higher profit. In the event of quarterly loss, smart
contract will remain inactive and will allow investors to withdraw their capital based on Net
Asset Value at the end of the quarter. To avoid a bankruptcy situation, TGTCoin will hold a
minimum portfolio amount.
If losses continue beyond a certain limit, TGTCoin will pause the profit sharing program until
balance surpasses minimum safe limit again. TGTCoin will not get involved in trading or
diluting its own tokens.
Audit:
100% transparency with the investors is our priority. We will track, record and timestamp all
trading activity. The aim is to record and distribute profits made proportionately.
Inflow and outflow of funds is transparent and the company will make the funds data
available to all investors. TGTCoin’s audit tools will help investors do the due-diligence,
which will help the investors have better control on their investments and on the use of the
proceeds.
Hedging the market risk :
There are over 800 crypto currencies present in the market today and they are often
correlated, but TGTCoin aims to diversify the risk over a number of different coins and build
long and short positions in their portfolio which will minimize the risk. We use technical
analysis and a number of other algorithmic indicators to switch between long and short
positions to make profits on both price rise and price fall.
Reserve Fund :
TGTCoin plans to keep 5% of its fund value as reserves. 75% of profits will be shared back
with the ICO investors every quarter and 10% will be retained into the fund to increase the
net asset value, (NAV). Investors can redeem their quarterly profits through a smart contract
and get their returns in BTC/ ETH terms. A minimum bonus of 0.75% per quarter will be
credited to the ICO investors.

TGTCoin is the first and only one of its kind Close-Ended Fund to offer a continuous
return on ICO investment to the investors, built on an Ethereum Smart Contract. Our
approach is different from other conventional crypto currency tokens, which refuse to share
profits with the investors of the token. Unlike with other tokens, which are mainly an
instrument to speculate and unrelated to the company’s performance, TGTCoin promises to
disburse profits with its esteemed investors.

Close-Ended Fund:
TGTCoin will be a close ended fund. Which means it plans to issue tokens only during the
token-sale period (ICO) and remain closed otherwise. Tokens will yield a higher return over
a longer term from of the power of compounding.
Exit or Redemption of TGTCoins:
Redemption of TGTCoins will take place at any time after the expiry of the Lock-in period of
1 quarter (3 months from the date of the end of ICO). This redemption process can be done
through intimation by the investor, at least 15 days in advance. A corresponding amount will
be credited to the address provided by the investor in BTC/ ETH terms.

3. Investment Method
Number of coins issued and value per coin gives us the value of market capitalization.
Market cap is a great tool to understand the size and future potential of the coin relative to
other coins.
A number of crypto currency tokens are designed in a way that their supply grows at a
certain rate over a period of time. A number of tokens have a locked supply available to the
investors to control the demand and inflate the prices of the tokens, misleading many retail
investors. For a number of tokens a handful of people control the prices and manipulate the
market prices.

In the case of TGTCoin, we stay transparent and declare that the management team does
not own any tokens issued whatsoever.During the past 2 years, Bitcoin has outperformed

the DOW Jones by more than 700%.

Since July, 2013 the market cap of crypto currencies has increased from just $1.5 Bn to a
staggering $114 Bn as of 12th June, 2017. An astounding 7500% returns on an average.
The total market cap of crypto currencies is expected to reach about $1 Trillion over a short
period of a few years. This poses a large opportunity to jump in this flourishing market.

Source - coinmarketcap.com

We plan to diversify risk using multiple strategies and generate best risk adjusted
returns.

Professional Money Management and Risk Management :
Professional Money Management and Risk Management are of key importance in a young
and volatile market. We analyze historical price patterns and technical analysis to predict
future market behavior and sentiment.
TGTCoin team has a professional money management experience in traditional financial
markets for more than 15 years and take credit for having more than 3 years of experience
with trading and investing crypto currencies.
Today’s infrastructure makes Bitcoin and USDT a base currency for investment in the
majority of alt coins.

As compared to Global Equities Markets, Equity Derivatives Markets, Real Estate Debt
Markets, FX Forward Swaps Markets which generates 8-30% returns, TGTCoin plans to
generate 100%-200% risk adjusted returns.

We plan to keep reserves in USDT and hedge the risk in the bear crypto currency markets.
During unstable times, it is only logical to keep the majority of the fund in USDT to hedge
the risk during the downfall of other cryptos and take a short position.

4. TargetX The TGTCoin team is in the process of building an in-house intelligent software system for
the investors. This software solution will provide the investors with real time data, intelligent
briefings, trade signals and research articles.
We will be making use of quantitative models, technical analysis and historical patterns
along with risk management models. Our team plans to publish all this information on our
platform.
Here is the brief overview of our
1) Market Research:
Our team will analyze news, reports, opinions and market data across the industry.
We keep a keen eye on the upcoming ICOs and crypto currencies with a good growth

potential. For each crypto currency we have specified quantitative methods to
analyze and track the said crypto currency.
2) Analytics:
a. We do technical analysis to understand the historical chart patterns.
b. We use machine learning and artificial intelligence to constantly understand
and learn these chart patterns.
3) Optimal Risk Management:
TargetX is made to understand and analyze historical volatility levels through
standard deviation to minimize the portfolio’s Value at Risk (VaR) in numerous
market environments.
4) Backtesting:
We can backtest different strategies with virtual currency before making actual
trades.

4. Cryptographic Audit
TGTCoin offers full transparency to the investors. We use cryptographic audit and proof of
membership for complete transparency and authenticity with our token holders.
All the profits made by the fund during its operation are effectively recorded and made public.
Investor capital does not go out of company accounts and the company is in complete
possession of all declared funds.

5. ICO Details
TGTCoin plans to launch the ICO on 15th July, 2017.
10% of the ICO money will be used for the operations and 5% will be kept aside as a reserve
fund. 85% of the fund will be used to build the portfolio.
TGTCoin plans to carry out 10 rounds during its ICO and issue 2 Bn coins. The TGTCoin
price in all the rounds will be - $ 0.025.
A minimum bonus of 0.75% per quarter will be credited to the ICO investors.

Portfolio

Operations

Reserve Fund

5%
10%

85%

6. Long Term View
Target Coin’s aim and mission as a close-ended crypto fund is to generate the highest risk
adjusted returns in the crypto currencies market. Target Coin is already set to become a
leading crypto asset fund with more than $500 Mn assets under management by the year
2019.
TargetX - Our trademarked intelligent financial platform provides intelligent briefing, reports,
news, analytics and trade signals to our loyal investors.
With TargetX, TGTCoin aspires to become an industry leader.
Be a part of this journey.
TGTcoin.com

