The first social entertainment platform
to reward its users for sharing and watching
movies, music videos, sports content & more
POWERED BY BLOCKCHAIN

WHITEPAPER

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

Patent Filed

IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION (AND THE WHITEPAPER GENERALLY) CAREFULLY. YOU SHOULD CONSULT
YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) BEFORE TAKING ANY ACTION IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS WHITE PAPER.
This White Paper is intended to present relevant information to
potential purchasers (Purchasers) in connection with the proposed generation and sale (together, the Token Generation) of
cryptographic ERC-20 standard tokens with the symbol ‘TTU’
(Tokens) by Tatatu Token Ltd, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Cayman Islands (Token Generator), including information about the smart contract
connected to the Tokens (Token Smart Contract) and proposed
software platform (Platform) to be operated by a licensee (Platform Operator).

1.1 Reliance
• The Tokens are offered solely on the basis of the information
contained in this White Paper and the terms and conditions
applicable to the purchase of Tokens accessible at [hyperlink to
Term and Conditions of Sale To be included] (Terms and Conditions). In the event of any inconsistencies between the Terms
and Conditions and this White Paper, the former shall prevail.
Potential Purchasers should disregard, and not rely upon, any
other information or representations given or made by any dealer, broker or other person. No person is authorised to give any
information or to make any representations in connection with
the offering of Tokens apart from those contained in this White
Paper. A potential Purchaser to whom such information or representations are given or made must not rely on them as having
been authorised by the Token Generator or Platform Operator.
• Statements in this White Paper are based on the law and
practice in the Cayman Islands current at the date it was issued.
Those statements are therefore subject to change should that
law or practice change. Under no circumstance does the delivery
of this White Paper or the sale of Tokens imply or represent that
the affairs of the Token Generator have not changed since the
date of this White Paper.
1.2 Purchaser responsibility
Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon
as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Token Generator. The Token Generator does not make representations or warranties of any kind
with respect to any potential economic return from, or the tax
consequences of a purchase of Tokens. Prospective Purchasers
should carefully review the whole of this White Paper. They
should also consult with their legal, tax and financial advisors in
relation to the following: (i) the legal and regulatory requirements
within their own countries for purchasing, holding and disposing
of Tokens; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions to which they
may be subject in their own countries in relation to purchasing,
holding or disposing of Tokens; and (iii) the legal, tax, financial
and other consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding
or disposing of Tokens.
This White Paper is not composed in accordance with, and is
not subject to, laws or regulations of any jurisdiction which are
designed to protect investors. To the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, Token Generator, Platform Operator or
any of their respective, parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors,
officers, employees, shareholders and licensors (Token Generator Parties) expressly disclaim and shall not be liable for any and

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

all responsibility for any direct or any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or
profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection
with (i) Purchaser’s acceptance of or reliance on any information
contained in this White Paper, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.
1.3 No registration
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the
information set out in this White Paper. No such action has been
or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules
of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination
of this White Paper does not imply that any such applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
1.4 Distribution and selling restrictions
The distribution of this White Paper and the offering or purchase
of Tokens may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Neither this
White Paper nor Tokens qualify for offer, sale or distribution under the laws of any jurisdiction governing the offer or sale of
securities.
The receipt of this White Paper and the accompanying Terms
and Conditions does not constitute an invitation to a recipient
to subscribe for Tokens in a jurisdiction where it is necessary
to comply with some registration or other legal requirement to
make that invitation, or the use of the Terms and Conditions,
lawful. No such recipient may treat this White Paper or the accompanying Terms and Conditions as an invitation to subscribe
for Tokens, nor may such recipient use the Terms and Conditions.
More particularly, this White Paper does not constitute an offer
or solicitation:
• by anyone in a jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation
		 is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or
		 solicitation is not qualified to do so; or
• to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or
		 solicitation.
It is the responsibility of every person in possession of this White
Paper and every person wishing to apply for Tokens to inform
himself, herself or itself of, and to observe all applicable laws and
regulations of, any relevant jurisdiction.
The Token Generator may not make an invitation to the public
in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for Tokens. For these purposes, “public” has the same meaning as “public in the Islands”
as defined in the Mutual Funds Law (Revised) of the Cayman
Islands. Apart from this restriction, persons resident, domiciled,
established, incorporated or registered pursuant to the laws of
the Cayman Islands may beneficially own Tokens.
Any person or entity, including anyone acting on its behalf, being
based, being a citizen or resident, domiciled, located or incorporated where applicable laws prohibit or restrict distribution or
dissemination of Token Generator’s materials, acquiring Tokens
or accessing the Platform including, but not limited to, the United States of America and any of its lands, People’s Republic of
China, or any other country that prohibits the sale of Tokens shall
not use the Platform or acquire Tokens, otherwise this person
assumes all the responsibility arising from the continued use of
the Platform and/or Tokens.

-2-

Patent Filed

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

-3-

Patent Filed

WHITEPAPER

ABSTRACT

TaTaTu will be a fair and transparent social
media and entertainment platform.
People will be rewarded for both creating
or providing content and for watching it.

In today’s digital world, people are often unaware of how their personal data is being used
to target them with relevant advertising. Reactions to recent data privacy scandals have
demonstrated that the use of personal data is a sensitive issue that people care deeply
about. We are slowly becoming better at recognising the tradeoffs of the internet social
contract and demanding greater control over our data. Here at TaTaTu we believe that
content providers also struggle to manage the rights of their content and fully realise the
profits of their creative work. TaTaTu Enterprises Ltd offers a new way to approach digital
media and is an evolution in the world of social entertainment. TaTaTu takes the concerns
of users and content providers very seriously by offering a brand new model for the media industry that allows greater transparency, control, and choice.
TaTaTu is a fair and transparent social media and entertainment platform. People will be
rewarded for both creating or providing content and for watching it.
• All users of the TaTaTu platform will be able to watch content for free (initially all of
		 it will need to be pre-approved before it goes live)
• Premium content such as movies, sports footage, and music videos will be provided
		 by entertainment networks. There will also be approved content from celebrities,
		 YouTubers, and other influencers
• In time, anyone on the TaTaTu platform will be able to create their own video
		 content and share it with their friends.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

-4-

Patent Filed

TaTaTu works in partnership with advertisers
People are used to free online content that sometimes is not legal. When content of high
quality is not paid for, it means whoever made it is not fairly rewarded for their work and
creative efforts. Still, users are understandably reluctant to start paying for content they
previously enjoyed for free — it’s the reason why TaTaTu Enterprises Ltd believe an adbased distribution model is the only viable solution. “In exchange for free content, people
need to provide something in return to the content creator, and that usually ends up
being their attention and their data. The user becomes the product.1
The result of this revenue model is the market we see today, which is open to manipulation and illegal monetisation of data. Brands are comfortable with the digital advertising
model but are uncomfortable with content adjacency--they need assurances that their
valuable brands are not connected to unsafe or objectionable content. Prominent online
media platforms have been accused of failing to provide a safe environment in which they
can advertise. Business Insider reports that “the internet is such a mess brands are hiring
executives to make sure their ads don’t end up next to objectionable content”.2 Mars,
AT&T and Lidl were among prominent brands that have pulled their advertising budgets
out of Youtube because their brands were being associated with unacceptable content.3
As a result, advertisers understandably have trouble feeling secure with their brand’s
exposure on different media platforms.
On TaTaTu, anybody using the platform openly accepts a relationship with advertisers and
gets rewarded for it. People instead engage with brands with complete knowledge of how
their data and preferences help inform advertising. It is still used to show adverts for relevant products viewers are most likely to buy, but this exchange is open and visible to all.
TaTaTu has created an environment where people can enjoy free content whilst the
rights and needs of users, content creators, and brands are equally respected.

BRANDS

All user profiles are verified and all views and
engagement metrics are real.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

-5-

Patent Filed

TaTaTu works in partnership with users
TaTaTu will be powered by a social media network, with a rewarding mechanism built on the
blockchain. Once the platform is established, management intends that users will be able
to add photos, create videos, comment on posts, and chat with friends in ways they are already familiar with on other channels. The difference is, the TaTaTu entertainment platform
is a decentralised economy. The management intends that anybody using or contributing to
the platform will be rewarded for their part in enabling the ecosystem to thrive.
Rewards are given in TaTaTu tokens called TTU by TaTaTu Tokens Ltd. These will be used
for advertising and to track distribution rights to movies. In the future, there will also be
an ecommerce store where people can buy both TaTaTu and celebrity merchandise. TaTaTu Enterprises Ltd takes a small percentage of profits in order to run the platform while
the large majority goes to the user.

USERS

Finally rewarded for their social media view and
posting acitivity.

TaTaTu will be the largest global social entertainment platform in history to reward users for watching movies, music videos, sport and lifestyle content.
• Users collect tokens every time they watch content on TaTaTu and also earn tokens
		 if their friends view content (this does not extend to friends of friends).
• Management intends that anybody who creates or provides content for the platform
		 will be rewarded in tokens and will earn tokens on content views.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

-6-

Patent Filed

Sara

BECOMES
A MEMBER

Wallet

Kate and other
Luca’friends

Luca and other
Sara’friends

Unlimited
access to
contents

Watch movies
and other content
for free with
advertising. Post
social videos and
images.

Sarah
shares
video and
image
posts,
Moments
and other
content
with her
friends.

Sara gets paid
a percentage
of advertising
revenue generated
by movies, other
content, Moments,
and friends.

Luca and Sara's
friends join TaTaTu
and become
members. They
watch movies
and other content
for free with
advertising. They
post social videos
and images.

Luca
shares
video and
image
posts,
Moments
and other
content
with his
friends.

Sara gets paid
a percentage
of advertising
revenue generated
by movies, other
content, Moments,
and friends and
posts watched by
Luca and Sara’s
other friends.

Kate and Luca’s
other friends
join TaTaTu and
become members.
They watch
movies and other
content for free
with advertising.
They post social
videos and images.

Luca gets paid
a percentage
of advertising
revenue generated
by movies, other
content, Moments,
and friends and
posts watched by
Kate and Luca’s
other friends.

Sara

BECOMES
A MEMBER

Wallet

Unlimited
access to
contents

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

Sara shares images and videos with friends.
She also views her friends’ social activity.

Sara gets paid when friends view her images, video posts and
video Moments.

-7-

Patent Filed

TaTaTu works in partnership with content providers
One of the biggest issues affecting the entertainment industry today is online content
piracy. However, since the TaTaTu Digital Rights Manager tool is built using Blockchain,
content providers like movie producers and distributors are able to more easily locate and
enforce the distribution and viewing rights to their movies.
On the TaTaTu platform, everyone is better served. This includes the talent who produce
media content (like movie producers), the brands that help keep it free to watch, and the
people who consume it.

CONTENT & RIGHTS HOLDERS

Rights holders will be able to monetize every piece
of content based on the effective consumption and
real views.

$

The use of modern blockchain technology
guarantees the execution of the contract and
reliable transfer of payments.

Give content and rights’ holders more transparency.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

-8-

Patent Filed

This whitepaper outlines the vision for the
TaTaTu Enterprise Ltd and contains technical information
about the blockchain.

It also introduces the TTU token and the team
behind the technology.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

-9-

Patent Filed

WHITEPAPER

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Important Notice [Legal Disclaimer]

2

Abstract				

6

TaTaTu works in partnership with advertisers		

7

TaTaTu works in partnership with users		

8

TaTaTu works in partnership with content providers		

10

1

Vision			

12

1.1

Fair Reward Model		

13

1.2

Digital Rights Manager		

14

2

Overview of platform technology

16

2.1

Platform architecture		

16

2.2

Minimum Viable Product (MVP)		

18

2.3

Further product features		

19

2.4

Tech stack		

20

2.5

Source control		

21

2.6

Continuous integration		

21

2.7

Test Driven Development (TDD)		

21

2.8

Scalability		

22

2.9

Design and first prototype		

23

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 10 -

Patent Filed

3

Technical overview of the blockchain

25

3.1

Phase 1		

26

3.1.1		
3.2

Token distribution and reward solution		

26

Phase 2		

28

3.2.1		

Smart contract structure		

28

3.2.2		

Talent Administration Record (TAR)		

28

3.2.3		

Abstract Contract (AC)		

29

3.2.4		

Network Administration Node (NAN)		

30

3.2.5		

Main Modular Software (MMS)		

30

3.2.6		

Ethereum Client		

32

3.2.7		

Database Gatekeeper		

33

3.2.8		

Rights Manager		

33

3.2.9		

Authentication		

33

4

TTU token		

34

4.1

Token Allocation and use of proceeds		

37

4.2

Terms			

39

4.3

Pricing			

40

4.4

Token lock-up		

40

5

Roadmap

42

6

Go to the Market		

43

7

Team 			

44

Endnotes

46

KYC and AML Policies

47

Disclosure Schedule

48

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 11 -

Patent Filed

1

VISION
WHITEPAPER

On the TaTaTu platform,
the user is not the product.

The demand for digital media content is increasing year after year.
TaTaTu Enterprises ltd understands that viewers are used to and continue to demand
free, easily-accessible content. The current online media business model implies user
data to be monetised in exchange for free access and use of the platform. TaTaTu goes
beyond this by sharing advertising revenues with its users.
On the TaTaTu platform, the user is not the product. The content viewer is connected to
the content creator or content provider, but at the same time is also connected to brands
who advertise in this same space. TaTaTu facilitates an open and transparent exchange
between each of these parties.
Users are rewarded for watching movies, music videos and gaming content or interviews,
highlights and celebrity lifestyle content relating to sports and fashion. As the platform
grows, users will be able to create and get rewarded for their own video content and
share these moments on TaTaTu.

MOVIES

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

MUSIC
VIDEOS

GAMES

SPORT

- 12 -

VIDEO
MOMENTS

LIFESTYLE

Patent Filed

Support at every level
TaTaTu is a platform for brands whose ad spend supports the free content provided. On
traditional online platforms, global media agencies had to pull advertising after they were
associated unwittingly with undesirable content.4 On the TaTaTu platform every user is
verified, protected, and rewarded.
Those who watch and generate TaTaTu content benefit from the platform in two distinct
ways:
• Fair Reward Model for those who use the platform to watch, post, and share video
content (and, in time, create their own)
• Digital Rights Manager for those who create or provide movies for the TaTaTu entertainment platform

1.1 Fair Reward Model
The current social and entertainment industry is fundamentally sustained by two business models. One is subscription-based and the other is advertising. In both cases, the
platform keeps most of the revenue for itself whilst sharing, an often tiny percentage with
the person who produces the content.
The viewer does not receive any share of the profit. This is despite the fact that their
personal consumption of the ads helps to maintain the platform.

TaTaTu rewards content producers and viewers
Thanks to a specially designed token, the TTU, TaTaTu Token ltd is able to reward people
who add content to the online platform and those who consume it. Transactions are
recorded on a shared ledger provided by the blockchain to create a trusted ecosystem
amongst all users of the platform.
TaTaTu is listening to the marketplace and adapting, giving free access to content but
rewarding users with an automatic monetisation system.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 13 -

Patent Filed

1.2 Digital Rights Manager (DRM)
For movie producers, in particular, managing the rights to their content is complex and
time-consuming. TaTaTu’s founder, Andrea Iervolino, produced his first movie at the age
of 15 and has been part of the evolution of the movie industry for a further 15 years, so
he is well placed to lead any changes to commercial practices.
TaTaTu Enterprises ltd believes that whilst movie producers are tied up in legal wranglings, licensing issues, and transactional obligations, they are unable to focus on generating content that moves the movie industry in new and exciting directions. All the while,
available content is dogged by piracy issues, leaving the original producer – the talent
– out of pocket through illegal distribution of their work.

Movie producers needn’t suffer for their success
Current licensing practices for movie production and distribution are complex and
long-winded:
• Independent movie producers must first find exposure for their movie at film festivals
• When distributors see the movie they can bid for the rights to show it, but each
		 distributor works in a different territory, so there are potentially multiple bids for the
		 producer to negotiate
• Rights for the movie are set by territory, but producers also have to stipulate where
		 the movie can be shown within each territory – for example, in a cinema, on TV, or
		 online
• The result is a number of lengthy, arduous contracts for the producer to negotiate
		 before the distributor can then show their work
• Once the movie is released it is equally challenging for producers to monitor each of
		 these agreements to check they receive all of the profits they are due

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 14 -

Patent Filed

TaTaTu makes light work of licensing
On the TaTaTu platform, movie producers will have access to a sophisticated digital management tool (DRM) to help locate all the rights to their movies. This applies in different
countries and across different categories.
Using its blockchain solution, TaTaTu Enterprises ltd seeks to protect the rights of movie
producers and distributors, whilst simultaneously rewarding audiences who view or share
their content.
The platform connects movie producers and other content providers directly with their
audience and all of these users earn TTU tokens for participating. Producers can use any
tokens they earn from viewing or providing content to use the DRM.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 15 -

Patent Filed

2

OVERVIEW OF
PLATFORM TECHNOLOGY
WHITEPAPER

A revolutionary AVOD meets social media
and blockchain

The TaTaTu platform will comprise:
• Advertising Video on Demand (AVOD)
• Social media and user management
• Blockchain and ERC20 token
There are three technical teams responsible for the delivery of each system.

2.1 Platform architecture
AVOD system
The front end AVOD system is made up of a video playback widget (Video On Demand
player, movie listing screen, and movie detail screen). This system uses the existing code
base and application code with new TaTaTu templates. It is comprised of web applications

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 16 -

Patent Filed

hosted on an AWS server, an iOS app hosted on the Apple App Store, and an Android app
hosted on Google Play.
The back end will host a content management system and video content distribution
network with a new code base and application code hosted in the Cloud. There will also
be back end ad management and a distribution network featuring a new code base and
application code. This is hosted on an ad technology stack.

Social media and user management
The social media and user management system is made up of a front end social widget
where users can post comments, share content, and invite friends. Plus a user management widget that includes registration, login, logout, and admin console. This will be
hosted in the Cloud.
The back end contains a content management system for social media and users with a
new code base and application code. This is also achieved through cloud hosting.

Blockchain and ERC20 token
The blockchain is made up of ERC20 token distribution and the DRM.
The TaTaTu Enterprises ltd platform operation team will roll out the entertainment platform over the course of 12 months. This will start with a Minimum Viable Product (MVP)
to include user registration, simple Video On Demand (VOD) features, inviting friends, a
simple token wallet, simple social media profile, and ad booking for brands. The simple
VOD will enable a framework setup for the AVOD solution. The AVOD is a VOD solution
integrated into an advertising server and other ad technology.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 17 -

Patent Filed

2.2 Minimum Viable Product
The TaTaTu Enterprises ltd MVP provides all of the VOD features required to rewards users
with tokens for watching content for free, including music, movie, and sports video content.
The following features will be developed for iOS and web devices:
• Registration and authentication
• Privacy
• Login and logout
• Simple virtual token wallet
• Click-through to ad booking web form
• Simple social media profile
• Simple social invite
• Simple adverts (AdMob)
• Admin panel
• Ingest video content
• Adding new movies and metadata
• Geo-blocking for selected countries
• API endpoint
• Web player widget with DRM support
• Platform analytics

Geo-blocking is included in the MVP to ensure all countries have correct access to the filmed
content. The MVP will be available in the US, UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Analytics are implemented within the MVP to ensure the TaTaTu marketing team and other
stakeholders can track usage of the VOD application and use the results to measure success.
The API design is precise and detailed so that all three TaTaTu technical teams know what to
expect and are able to then structure the process. The VOD team already has a product and
existing code to use when building the video clients.
Following the launch of the MVP, new features will continue to be added to enhance the
TaTaTu platform. During the first year of platform development, the product and development team plans to include the following:
• Ability to buy adverts
• Social activity feed

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 18 -

Patent Filed

• Commenting and sharing
• User groups (standard, power and VIP)
• Profile page (standard, power and VIP)
• Virtual digital wallet
• Financial and social insights
• Notifications
• Administration console

2.3 Further product features
There are three further product iterations planned after the MVP.
Second product iteration
This provides AVOD on the platform serving ads on the VOD platform using DoubleClick
for publishers (DFP). The ad server will also be developed ready for the next version of
the product.

Third product iteration
To provide an enhanced social experience, this iteration will allow influencers to create
premium User Generated Content (UGC) for platform users. Celebrity video content includes ads and the revenue is split between the celebrity content owner, the viewer, and
TaTaTu Enterprises
The following features will also be developed:
• Private and public profile for celebrity users
• Private and public profile for standard users
• Celebrity ‘Video Moments’ content (either pre-recorded or live streamed)
• Celebrity ‘Video Moments’ library (categorise content)
• Simple social activity feed (including posting)
• Simple buy advertising
• Simple charity
• Simple notifications

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 19 -

Patent Filed

Fourth product iteration
This provides full social functionality along with social and financial insights whilst enabling platform users to redeem their TTU tokens. New features at this stage are:
• Blockchain DRM
• Social algorithm
• Social activity feed (including sharing and commenting)
• Ability to recommend content to friends
• Social insights
• Financial insights
• Financial reporting integration
• Notifications
• Buying and management of advertising
• Charity donations
• Digital Ethereum-based wallet including the ability to withdraw
• Video calls and messaging

2.4 Tech stack
The TaTaTu Enterprises platform is built using the following tech stack:
• Net Core 2.0+ for developing the web application
• Node JS for the interface between the back end applications and Blockchain
• React Native for developing the mobile applications
• React for developing the Smart TV applications
• Docker for build and deploy pipeline using EC2 Container Service to host docker
		 image in AWS
• Build server using a VM on AWS with Jenkins to build the latest code

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 20 -

Patent Filed

2.5 Source control
All TaTaTu code is managed with source control. This enables TaTaTu code to be made
open source. Developers from different parts of the application can then explore the
code from other teams to see how it works and examine why it works the way it does.
This repo is used to synchronise the TaTaTu technical teams. Any changes to the repo are
performed via pull requests so all developers have the opportunity to join the discussion.
Every team has to approve the pull request, which helps prevent any issues during integration.

2.6 Continuous integration
Each code repository has a project setup on a CI server. The CI pipeline builds, runs tests,
and packages code ready for it to be deployed. Each build should produce artefacts that
can be deployed.

2.7 Test Driven Development (TDD)
The TaTaTu development team will take a TDD approach wherever it makes sense to do
so. This ensures smoother iterations to the code as new features are introduced, building
out from the MVP.
TaTaTu encourages development teams to suggest areas where they think TDD is valuable.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 21 -

Patent Filed

2.8 Scalability
Project goals are recognisably high but, from the beginning, TaTaTu developers will take
care not to over-engineer the platform so as they can best prepare for scalability.

Platform technology provided by a highly qualified tech
team with previous experience in developement of
mobile, web and smart TV applications for HBO GO,
Deutsche Telekom and Showbox.

Innovative Digital Right Manager on the blockchain.

Recommendation engine and content curation by
category, including multiple playlists to optimize
discovery and audience engagement.
Advertising solutions provided by a world class team
(previous experience at Hulu, Telenor, Univision) and
direct sales led by TaTaTu sales team.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 22 -

Patent Filed

2.9 Design and first prototype

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 23 -

Patent Filed

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 24 -

Patent Filed

3

TECHNICAL OVERVIEW
OF THE BLOCKCHAIN
WHITEPAPER

Rewarding users while keeping a
distributed system.

Initially designed as a method for keeping a financial ledger, the blockchain paradigm can
be extended to provide a generalised framework for implementing decentralised computer resources.

How it works
Each computing resource can be thought of as a single-state machine. It transitions
between states via cryptographically secured transactions. When generating a new
state-machine, the node encodes logic which defines valid state transitions and uploads
it onto the blockchain. From there, the blocks journal a series of valid transactions. When
these journals are incrementally executed with the state from the previous block, they
morph the state-machine into its new current state.
In a public chain, the Proof of Work consensus algorithm and its underlying peer-topeer protocol prevents the state-machines’ process and transitioning logic from being
tampered with. It also shares this information with all nodes participating in the system.
This means nodes will be able to query the state machines at any time and obtain a result
which will be accepted by the entire network with high certainty.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 25 -

Patent Filed

Ethereum
This transaction-based state-machine generalisation of the blockchain is informally referred to as smart contracts. Ethereum is the first platform to attempt a full implementation of this idea.
It builds into the blockchain a Turing-complete instruction set to allow smart contract
programming and a storage capability to accommodate on-chain state. TaTaTu regards the
flexibility of its programming language as an important property in the context of rights
management. It can enable advanced functionality (including multi-party arbitration, bidding, and reputation) to be coded into the TaTaTu system, adapting to comply with differences in regulation and changes in stakeholder needs.
TaTaTu plans to utilise Ethereum’s smart contracts to create intelligent representations of
existing rights records that are stored within individual nodes on the network. The contracts will be constructed to contain metadata about the record ownership, permissions,
and data integrity.
The blockchain transactions in the TaTaTu system will carry cryptographically signed instructions to manage these properties. Policies are carried out by the contract’s state
transition functions, which enforces data alternation only by legitimate transactions. Such
policies can be designed to implement any set of rules to govern a particular rights record,
as long as it can be represented computationally. For example, a policy may enforce that
separate transactions representing consent are sent from both actors and distributors
before granting viewing permissions to a third party.

3.1 Phase 1
3.1.1 Token distribution and reward solution
AdMob is the preferred monetisation solution for the TaTaTu platform. AdMob will always
pay TaTaTu in United States Dollars and in arrears, plus the TaTaTu Cost Per Mile (CPM) varies based on many inputs, including category and click-through. Since cryptocurrencies are
notoriously volatile, this creates a business challenge but TaTaTu plans to mitigate this risk.
TaTaTu will calculate the CPM($)/TTU value at the time the advertising unit is displayed,
which ensures all parties are correctly rewarded. TaTaTu then releases earnings (see dia-

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 26 -

Patent Filed

TTU Content
Provider Credited
Based on CPM$/TTU
TTU Credited To USER
CPM $/TTU

Jan

TTU User
Gets His Token

Feb

AdMob Advert
Displayed
TTU Token Ad Sale

March

TTU Content
Provider Gets His Token

April

May

June

AdMob Payment
Clearey Funds

AdMob Balance
Confirmed
TTU

Diagram: BLKCHN1 Diagram of Admob payment model for TTU customer and Content Provider rewards.

gram BLKCHN1) upon reaching a fixed threshold before the monthly cut-off point. Any
gains after the cut-off point are moved into the next payment period. TaTaTu will use
obtained reserves to offset any payment delays and help stabilise the price of TTU.
The smart contract will take information via a proprietary platform from the TaTaTu user
database and process payments exceeding the set threshold. TTU will then be sent from
the reserves wallet to the users and content providers. Management intends that TaTaTu
will manage the reserve wallet to ensure tokens are available to reward both users and
content providers fairly and in a timely manner.

TaTaTu
ETH
Wallet

SMART
CONTRACT

TaTaTu
Content
Provider

TaTaTu
Reserves

Exchange(s)

USER
DATABASE

TaTaTu
User

TaTaTu
Trading
BOT

Diagram: BLKCHN2 Diagram of Payment process.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 27 -

Patent Filed

3.2 Phase 2
3.2.1 Smart contract structure
Distributor, Artist and Studio Contract (DASC) is a global contract that maps participant
identification strings to their Ethereum address identity (equivalent to a public key).
TaTaTu intentionally uses strings rather than the cryptographic public key identities directly, since this allows for the use of a form of ID that already exists.
Policies coded into the DASC can regulate registering new identities or change the mapping of existing ones. Identity registration can then be restricted only to certified institutions.
The DASC also maps identity strings to an address on the blockchain, where a special
contract described below, called the Abstract Contract, can be found.

3.2.2 Talent Administration Record (TAR)
A TAR contract is issued between two nodes in the blockchain system when one node
stores and manages rights records for the other. TaTaTu uses the case of studio and/or
distributor – the provider, and actor and/or producer ‒ the talent. The TAR defines an
assortment of data pointers and associated access permissions to identify the records
held by the distributor.

How data queries work
Each pointer consists of a query string that, when executed on the provider’s database,
returns a subset of talent data. The query string is affixed with the hash of this data
subset to guarantee data has not been altered at the source. Additional information, like
hostname and port in a standard network topology, will indicate where the provider’s
database can be accessed in the network.
The data queries and their associated information are crafted by the provider and modified whenever new records are added. So that talent can share records with others, a
dictionary implementation (hash table) maps viewers’ addresses to a list of additional

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 28 -

Patent Filed

query strings. Each string can specify a portion of the talent’s data to which the third
party viewer is allowed access.
In a simple case, the provider references the talent’s data with a simple SELECT query
conditioned on the talent’s equity card number.

Tools for talent
TaTaTu has designed a tool that allows talent to check off fields they wish to share through
a graphical interface. Under the hood, the TaTaTu system formulates the appropriate SQL
queries and uploads them to the TAR on the blockchain. By using generic strings, the TaTaTu platform can robustly interface with any string queried database implementation. This
means it can conveniently integrate with a provider’s existing data storage infrastructure.
At the same time, talent is enabled fine-grained access control of their rights records,
selecting virtually any part of it they wish to share.

3.2.3 Abstract Contract (AC)
This contract functions as a breadcrumb trail for all participants in the system to locate
their rights record history. It holds a list of references to Distribution, Artists and Studio
Relationship contracts (DASRs), representing all the participant’s previous and current
engagements with other nodes in the system. Studios are likely to have references to the
talent they serve and any third parties their talent has approved data sharing with.

Distributor, Artist and Studio Contract (DASC)
The DASC will persist in the distributed network adding crucial backup and restore functionality. Talent can leave and rejoin the system multiple times whenever they choose.
They will always regain access to their history by downloading the latest blockchain from
the network.
The DASC also implements functionality to enable user notifications. Each relationship
stores a status variable. This indicates whether the relationship is newly established,
awaiting pending updates and if it has or has not been approved by the talent.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 29 -

Patent Filed

Studios in the TaTaTu system set the relationship status in their talents’ DASC whenever
they update records or as part of creating a new relationship. Accordingly, talent can poll
their DASC and be notified whenever a new relationship is suggested, or an update is
available. Talent can then accept, reject or delete relationships, deciding which records in
their history to acknowledge.
This ensures accepting or rejecting relationships is done only by the talent.
To avoid notification spamming from malicious participants, only providers can update
the status variable. These administration principles can be extended, adding additional
verifications to maintain proper behaviour.

3.2.4 Network Administration Node (NAN)
TaTaTu will design the components of our NANs to integrate with existing industry infrastructure, assuming many nodes already manage rights data databases on servers with
network connectivity.
TaTaTu introduces four software components:
• Backend Library
• Ethereum Client
• Database Gatekeeper
• Rights Manager

These can be executed on servers to create a coherent, distributed system.
Talent nodes in the TaTaTu system contain the same basic components as providers. Implementation of these can be executed on a tablet, desktop computer, or smartphone.
The databases can function as cache storage of the talent’s rights data. Any missing data
will be retrieved from the network any time by following the node’s DASC.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 30 -

Patent Filed

3.2.5 Main Modular Software (MMS)
The TaTaTu Treasury Library API constructs multiple utilities, bundled in a back end library,
to facilitate the system’s operation. The library abstracts the communications with the
blockchain and exports a function-call API. Because of this, record management applications and their user interfaces can avoid the hurdles of working directly with the blockchain.
One such hurdle will be verifying that each sent transaction is accepted with high confidence by the network. The back end library interacts with an Ethereum client to exercise
the low-level formatting and parsing of the Ethereum protocol.
Steps 1 and 2 illustrate the TaTaTu back end implementation of a scenario where a provider
adds a record for new talent.

Step

1

PARTNER NODE

Add record

Rights Manager

Treasury

Database

Database
Gate Keeper

Update

Step

Step

2

3

Resolve Address and Abstract Contract

Miner/
Processor

Post Film / Content Location
Bounty
Link Abstract Contract with Film/Content Data
Blockchain

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 31 -

Patent Filed

Using the DASC on the blockchain, the talent’s identifying information is first resolved to
their matching Ethereum address and the corresponding AC is located.
Next, the studio uploads a new TAR to the blockchain, indicating their safeguarding of
the data owned by the talent’s Ethereum address. The studio node then crafts a query to
reference this data and updates the TAR accordingly. Finally, the node sends a transaction
which links the new TAR to the talent’s DASC, allowing the talent node to locate it on
the blockchain.

Step

5

PARTNER NODE
Notification

Blockchain
Rights Manager

4

Treasury

Update

6

Database
Gate Keeper

Database

Update
Film /
Content
Data
in Abstract
Contract

3.2.6 Ethereum Client
This component implements the full functionality that will be required to join and participate in the Ethereum blockchain network. It handles a broad set of tasks, such as
connecting to the peer-to-peer network, encoding and sending transactions, and keeping
a verified local copy of the blockchain. TaTaTu modifies the client to be aware of the platform’s mapping of identity and addresses, then implements a service to locate the node’s
AC via DASC address lookup.
This service runs continuously within the client to monitor changes to the AC in real time.
In the event of an update, the service signals a Rights Manager (described in more detail
further below) to issue a user notification and, if necessary, sync the local database.
Steps 4 to 6 continue the use case described above from the talent node perspective.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 32 -

Patent Filed

The talent’s modified Ethereum client continuously monitors their AC. Once a new block
is processed/mined with the newly linked TAR, the client issues a signal which results in
a user notification. The user can then acknowledge or decline the communication with
the studio, updating the AC accordingly. If the communication is accepted, an automated
query request is issued to obtain the new rights data. It will use the information in the new
TAR to locate the provider on the network and connect to its Database Gatekeeper server.

3.2.7 Database Gatekeeper
The Database Gatekeeper implements an off-chain, access interface to the node’s local
database, governed by permissions stored on the blockchain.
The Gatekeeper will run a server listening to query requests from clients on the network.
A request contains a query string, as well as a reference to the blockchain TAR that warrants permissions to run it. The request is cryptographically signed by the issuer, allowing
the Gatekeeper to confirm identities.
Once the issuer’s signature is certified, the Gatekeeper checks the blockchain contracts
to verify if the address issuing the request is allowed access to the query. If it is, it runs
the query on the node’s local database and returns the result over to the client.
nb. Our components similarly support third parties retrieving talent-shared data: the talent selects data to share and updates the corresponding TAR with the third party address
and query string.

3.2.8 Rights Manager
The Rights Manager application will render data from local SQLite databases designed
to be interchangeable with other DB software for viewing. It presents users with update
notifications, plus data sharing and retrieval options.
The application is accessed through a web interface, built on a python back end framework. TaTaTu must be compatible with mobile devices since modern users expect easy
access to high-quality experiences on-the-go.

3.2.9 Authentication
It is key that TaTaTu Enterprises ltd ensures only the right people get access to the right
data. This is achieved by the rules database.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 33 -

Patent Filed

4

TTU TOKEN
WHITEPAPER

Four strong utilities:
Advertising, Digital Rights Management,
Rewarding, Ecommerce

TaTaTu has four strong utilities for the platform’s TTU token:
1. It is the only method for advertisers to purchase ads within the TaTaTu platform
2. Entertainment professionals can use it to access the DRM
3. It is the only way to receive rewards within the TaTaTu platform
4. Users can purchase merchandise with TTU tokens from the TaTaTu ecommerce store

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 34 -

Patent Filed

It is the only method for advertisers to purchase ads within the TaTaTu platform
The token economy of the TTU rely strongly on the fact that advertisers have to use them
to purchase advertising. To become an advertiser, a token holder has to first be approved by
the TaTaTu governance community. After this, they can purchase advertising on the platform.
This economic system creates organic demand for the token immediately, since it is integrated into the platform from its first release.
Tokens then flow directly from advertisers to users who can use TTU tokens in the ecommerce store.

Entertainment professionals can use it to access the DRM
Content providers will need to utilise the token in order to access the DRM and track
distribution rights to their work. Logging licensing rights into the blockchain via the DRM
will be a fixed amount of tokens. Throughout the life of the licensing agreement, terms
can be amended, edited, added to, and so on. All of these actions must utilise the TTU
token which is the only way to access the DRM.

RIGHTS MANAGEMENT MODEL
TTU Required

TTU Needed
PARTNER NODE
Notification

Blockchain
Rights Manager

Treasury

Update

Database
Gate Keeper

Database

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 35 -

Update
Film /
Content
Data
in Abstract
Contract

Patent Filed

It is the only way to receive rewards within the TaTaTu platform
TaTaTu users receive TTU tokens for watching and sharing content on the platform. No
other form of reward is allowed.
The TTU token has been designed in such a way as to encourage adoption of the platform
but also ongoing loyalty. Following a simple game theory concept, the more users watch
TaTaTu content the higher the CPM, but the CPM is also directly related to the quality
of the content. The higher the quality of the content, the higher the reward. Rather than
focus on the volume of content consumed, TaTaTu participants are, therefore, rewarded
more for viewing premium quality content.

ADVERTISING REWARDING MODEL
TTU Required

TTU Needed
PARTNER NODE
Add record

Rights Manager

Treasury

Database

Database
Gate Keeper

Update

Resolve Address and Abstract Contract

TTU Reward
Miner/
Processor

Post Film / Content Location
Bounty
Link Abstract Contract with Film/Content Data
Blockchain

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 36 -

Patent Filed

Users can purchase merchandise with TTU tokens from the TaTaTu ecommerce store
The TTU token can be used to purchase items in the TaTaTu ecommerce store. This will
stock general merchandising items related to TaTaTu, like stickers or clothing accessories,
as well as merchandise that relates directly to content, such as a movie and/or the actors.
TaTaTu is exploring live ecommerce solutions. These enable users to purchase merchandise directly from the app whilst watching movies, for example. These technologies already exist in the marketplace and are easy to integrate with the TaTaTu platform.

4.1 Token allocation and use of funds
In a bid to enhance the long-term success of the project, only 57% of the total amount of
tokens created will be available during an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) event.
35.5% of the tokens will be assigned to an internal reserve fund at TaTaTu. This creates a
deposit of pledged tokens.

Token allocation (# tokens)

5%

Use of proceeds (USDm equiv.)

2.5%

15%

57%

15%

35.5%

35%

Pre sales and Public sales
Reserve
Team and Advisors (see below Lock-up period)
Founder (Lock-up period for 5 years)

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

35%

Content Acquisition and Production
User Acquisition Strategy
Marketing
Overhead, Legal, Software dev., Working Capital, HR

- 37 -

Patent Filed

5

ROADMAP
WHITEPAPER

WEB

MVP

| Simple Profile | Login | Logout | Registration | Profile Image Upload | Vod
| Video Player | Video Detail | Video Search | Simple Invite
| Virtual Wallet Balance | Book Ad’s | Privacy | Simple Ad’s (Admob)
MAY 31ST 2018

RELEASE 2

WEB

Celebrity Public Profile | Celebrity Private Profile | Celebrity Moments Library |
Charity Counter | Simple Celebrity Activity Feed
| Simple Social Algorithm
JUL 31ST 2018

AUG 1ST 2018

WEB

RELEASE 3

Avod Integrated Into Platform | Social Activity Feed Update (Posting)
| Simple Social Algorithm | Simple Buying Ad’s

NOV 2018

WEB

DIC 2018

MAR 2019

RELEASE 4
Recommend Content To Friends | User Revenue Categories
| Social Activity Feed Update (Commenting / Sharing)
| Ad Revenue Algorithm | Earned Ad Revenue | Digital Wallet
| Charity Integration | Video Call | Messaging

This is an estimated roadmap and is subject to change

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 38 -

Patent Filed

6

GO TO
THE MARKET
WHITEPAPER

Q2 2018

US | UK | Canada | Australia | New Zealand

Q3 through
to Q4 2018

European Union | South Korea | Japan | Russia | Brazil | Mexico | India

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 39 -

Patent Filed

7

TEAM
WHITEPAPER

Andrea Iervolino
Founder / CEO

Launching a tech business at the age of 13, Andrea produced
a films just two years later and his first films at 15. Today, at
the age of 30, he finances and distributes over 500 films.
These include major hits and popular cult films such as Rush,
Apocalypto, Sliding Doors, The Passion of Christ, Memento (and
many more). Andrea was nominated Best Producer at the Venice
Film Festival, along with James Franco and Al Pacino, and has
been named a Producer to Watch by Variety.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 40 -

Patent Filed

Jonathan Pullinger

Ed Mcculloch

Marcello Mari

Head of Platform

Head of PR

James Aufenast

CTO

Bitcoin miner since
2012, Jon has worked
on several blockchain
projects such as
Hyperledger, Fabric,
Waves Platform and
Lightning Nodes.

Formerly at AKQA,
TMW, Starcom and
Chemistry, with clients
including Microsoft/
Xbox, Sony Mobile,
Nissan, Diageo and
Unilever.

Recently Head of PR
for SingularityNET
(raised $36mln in 60
seconds on Dec. 21st
2017). Contributor to
Wired Italy and The
Guardian, Techcrunch.

Former Head of
Editorial at TMW.
Clients have included
Sony, Unilever, Nissan
and Diageo.

Anthony McGuire

Hans Hagman

Mario Alberto Casiraghi

Head of Partnerships

Previous Global
Partnerships at
Facebook. Worked in
Logistics at Singularity
University.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

Head of Marketing

Daniel Santos

Head of Content

Financial Strategy - Blockchain

Business Developement

International
programming and
content strategy
professional.
Previous Programme
Director Viasat
Film and VP Music
Programming MTV
Networks
International at
Viacom.

Former Bank of
America Merrill
Lynch and Cairn
Capital among
others, specialised
in corporate finance
and fundraising.
Established presence
in the blockchain
ecosystem. ICO
advisor, Financial
Strategy and, Investor
Relations.

CEO of Token
Advisors in Singapore,
Daniel key focus is
on developing the
token economy and
ecosystem in the
region. He has spent
15 years working as
at Morgan Stanley,
Deutsche Bank and
Citigroup in London
and at Renaissance
Capital in Moscow.

- 41 -

Patent Filed

WHITEPAPER

1.

Endnotes

Solis, Brian. “If You Had One Hour With Mark Zuckerberg, What
Would You Ask? Here’s What I Learned About The State And Future Of Facebook, Data, Politics And Bad Actors.” Briansolis.com.
April 05, 2018. Accessed April 17, 2018.
http://www.briansolis.com/2018/04/one-hour-mark-zuckerberg-ask-hereslearned-state-future-facebook-data-politics-bad-actors/

2.

Dua, Tanya. “The internet is such a mess that brands are hiring
executives to make sure their ads don’t end up next to objectionable content.” Business Insider. April 10, 2018. Accessed April 17,
2018.
https://www.businessinsider.in/The-internet-is-such-a-mess-that-brands-are-hiring-executives-to-make-sure-their-ads-dont-end-up-next-to-objectionable-content/articleshow/63700948.cms

3.

Wilkinson, Ryan. “YouTube adverts pulled by major brands due
to fears over access to paedophiles.” The Independent. November 24, 2017. Accessed April 18, 2018.
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/youtube-adverts-paedophiles-children-videos-access-comments-a8073181.html

4.

Grierson, Jamie. “Google summoned by ministers as government pulls ads over extremist content.” The Guardian. March 17,
2017. Accessed April 18, 2018.
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/17/google-ministers-quiz-placement-ads-extremist-content-youtub

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 42 -

Patent Filed

KYC AND AML POLICIES

1. KYC
KYC (Know Your Customer) is the process of a business identification and client’s identity verification. KYC includes procedures
of primary identification of customers from financial institutions and companies acting as cryptocurrency exchanges. Strict
compliance with the KYC policy protects the customers and us
from criminal elements such as money laundering or terrorism
financing. As security transaction is our main priority, we keep a
high standard of customer identification and provided information verification. If we have a reasonable assumption, that our
customer might be involved in any kind of criminal activity, we
reserve the right to refuse cooperation and reject their funds
without any additional explanation. Only contributors, which
have successfully identified themselves in the KYC procedure,
will be eligible to participate in the token public sale. The carried-out KYC will be based on current market standards and will
comply with applicable laws. We guarantee that best efforts will
be made in order to keep information and transferred personal
details confidential.
2. AML
The Token Generator Parties recognize the importance of preventing money laundering and terrorism financing, and commits
to the highest standards of Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Terrorist Financing (‘AML/CTF’). The Token Generator is
subject to Cayman Islands legislation designed to prevent AML/
CTF. To fulfill this commitment, the Token Generator establishes
internal policies and procedures as well as conducts an anti-money laundering risk analysis. The latter defines risk associated with
different types of contributors and transactions.
To prevent AML/CTF, the Token Generator will implement processes and procedures to conduct appropriate customer due
diligence, customer identification and customer’s identity verification on the basis of the following “Know Your Customer”
principles:
• Customer provided documentation (Verification Checking).
• Customer information obtained from reliable and
		 independent sources (Ownership Checking).

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

Unusual activity during the customer due diligence process or
customer engagement should be immediately reported to the
designated Money Laundering Reporting Officer (‘MLRO’) or the
Deputy Money Laundering Reporting Officer (‘Deputy MLRO’).
The threat for the Token Generator to be involved in money laundering and terrorist financing activities depends directly on the
type of customer business or the country they are located in.
During the business processes and procedures, the Token Generator will classify its customers based on a level of risk. Identifying
the potential risk will help to effectively manage these risks and
implement controls to mitigate the identified risk, if any.
The Token Generator will not conduct business, inter alia, with
the following risky customers:
•
•
		
•
		
•
		
•
		

Individuals included in any official lists of sanctions.
Individuals indicating possible involvement in criminal
activities based on available information.
Individuals with businesses where activity or source of fund
legitimacy cannot be reasonably verified.
Individuals refusing to provide required information or
documentation.
Entities whose shareholder/control structure cannot be
determined.

Customer documentation can either be submitted in physical or
electronic form. An appropriate record of received documentation, copies or reference to the customer’s documentation will be
kept in accordance with the data protection regulation. Records
will be kept for as long as the relationship endures with the customer or is needed for fulfilment of the relationship and for at
least five years after the relationship ends. In countries where
this period exceeds the established period of time, the legally established time period will be considered to comply with local law.
For more information please read:
[insert hyperlink to AML Policy]

- 43 -

Patent Filed

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE
The acquisition of Tokens involves a high degree of risk. Before
acquiring Tokens, it is recommended that each Purchaser conduct
its own careful examination of all relevant information and risks
about the Token Generator, Platform and Tokens and, specifically,
the disclosures and risk factors set out below. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the Platform, Tokens and Purchaser’s
Tokens may be materially and adversely affected, including the
Purchaser’s Tokens being rendered worthless or unusable.

1

DISCLOSURES REGARDING THIS WHITE PAPER

1.1 Accuracy of information, no consent of parties referenced
in White Paper
This White Paper includes market and industry information and
forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research,
publicly available information and industry publications. Such
surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information
that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or
completeness of such included information.
Save for the Token Generator and its respective directors, executive officers and employees, no person has provided his or her
consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in
connection therewith in this White Paper and no representation,
warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the
accuracy or completeness of such information by such person
and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates
on the same.
Neither the Token Generator nor any of the Token Generator
Parties has conducted any independent review of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or
completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying
economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither Token Generator nor its directors, executive officers and
employees acting on its behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information
and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

1.3 Forward looking statements
All statements, estimates and financial information contained in
this White Paper, made in any press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Token
Generator or any Token Generator Parties that are not statements
of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of
these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such
as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”,
“if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”,
“would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not
the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements.
All statements regarding the Token Generator’s financial position,
business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects
of the industry which the Token Generator is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but
not limited to statements as to the Token Generator’s revenue
and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry
trends and other matters discussed in this White Paper regarding
Token Generator are matters that are not historic facts, but only
predictions.
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual
events or results, performance or achievements to differ materially
from the estimates or the results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others:

1.2 Terms used
To facilitate a better understanding of Tokens being offered for
purchase by the Token Generator, and the businesses and operations of the Token Generator, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have
been used in this White Paper. These descriptions and assigned
meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or
usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the
plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender
shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders
and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

- 44 -

(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment
in the countries in which the Token Generator conducts its respective businesses and operations;
(b) the risk that the Token Generator may be unable or execute or implement their respective business strategies and
future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected
internal growth of the Token Generator;
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to the Token
Generator in connection with their respective businesses and
operations;
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who
are required by the Token Generator to operate their respective businesses and operations;
(g) changes in preferences of customers of the Token Generator;
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which the Token
Generator operate, and the ability of the Token Generator to
compete under such conditions;
(i)		 changes in the future capital needs of the Token Generator
and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and
acts of God that affect the businesses and/or operations of the
Token Generator;
(l)		 other factors beyond the control of the Token Generator;
and
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the Token Generator and its business and operations, Tokens, the Token Generation and the underlying assets (each as referred to in the
White Paper).

Patent Filed

Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon
as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Token Generator.
Further, the Token Generator disclaims any responsibility to
update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly
announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements
to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even
if new information becomes available or other events occur in
the future.
1.4 No further information or update
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or
representation not contained in this White Paper in connection
with the Token Generator and its business and operations, Tokens, the Token Generation and the underlying assets (each as
referred to in the White Paper) and, if given, such information or
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Token Generator. The Token Generation (as referred to in the White Paper) shall not, under any
circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create
any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or
development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the
affairs, conditions and prospects of Token Generator or in any
statement of fact or information contained in this White Paper
since the date hereof.
1.5 Restrictions on distribution and dissemination of White
Paper
The distribution or dissemination of this White Paper or any part
thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory
requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any
restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession
of this White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at
your own expense and without liability to the Token Generator.
Persons to whom a copy of this White Paper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have
the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it to any
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this White Paper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
1.6 Language of White Paper
This White Paper may have been prepared in multiple languages.
In the event of any inconsistencies between one version and another, the English language version shall prevail.

2 DISCLOSURES REGARDING TOKENS

2.1 Nature of Tokens
Tokens is a utility token. Tokens are digital utility tokens that afford Tokens holders to [access the Platform] and/or execute certain functions on the Token Smart Contract in accordance with
the terms of an open-source license agreement. Tokens do not
represent a loan to Token Generator nor do they provide Purchaser with any ownership or other interest in or to Token Generator. For greater certainty, the purchase of Tokens does not
provide Purchaser with any form of ownership right or other interest in or to Token Generator or its present or future assets and
revenues, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution,
redemption, liquidation, revenue sharing, proprietary (including
all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights.
2.2 Tokens are non-refundable
Token Generator is not obliged to provide Tokens holders with a

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

refund for any reason, and Tokens holders will not receive money
or other compensation in lieu of a refund. Statements set out in
the White Paper are merely expressions of the Token Generator’s
objectives and desired work plan to achieve those objectives.
and no promises of future performance or price are or will be
made in respect to Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, and no guarantee that Tokens will hold any particular value.
2.3 Tokens are provided on an “as is” basis
Tokens are provided on “as is” basis. The Token Generator Parties and each of their respective directors, officers, employees,
shareholders, affiliates and licensors make no representations
or warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory
or otherwise regarding Tokens, including any warranty of title,
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or any warranty that Tokens and Platform will be uninterrupted, error-free
or free of harmful components, secure or not otherwise lost or
damaged. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the
Token Generator Parties and each of their respective directors,
officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors disclaim
all warranties, including any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out of
any course of dealings, usage or trade.
2.4 Not an offering of securities, commodities or swaps
The sale of Tokens and Tokens themselves are not securities,
commodities, swaps on either securities or commodities, or a
financial instrument of any kind. Purchases and sales of Tokens
are not subject to the protections of any laws governing those
types of financial instruments. This White Paper and all other
documents referred to in this White Paper including the Terms
and Conditions do not constitute a prospectus or offering document, and are not an offer to sell, nor the solicitation of an offer
to buy an investment, a security, commodity, or a swap on either
a security or commodity.
2.5 Non-Investment purposes
Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser is not purchasing Tokens for purposes of investment, speculation, as some
type of arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale or other financial
purposes. Tokens are not designed for investment purposes and
should not be considered as a type of investment.
2.6 Force majeure
The Token Generation and the performance of the Token Generator’s activities set out in White Paper development roadmap
may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force majeure
events. For the purposes of this White Paper, a force majeure
event shall mean any extraordinary event or circumstances which
could not be prevented by Token Generator and shall include:
hardware, software or other utility failures, changes in market
forces or technology, software or smart contract bugs, changes in blockchain-related protocols, acts of nature, wars, armed
conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other failures of energy
supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or
federal governmental agencies or other circumstances beyond
Token Generator’s control, which were not in existence at the
time of Token Generation. Purchaser understands and agrees
that Token Generator shall not be liable and disclaims all liability
to Purchaser in connection with a force majeure event.
2.7 Insurance
Unlike bank accounts or accounts at financial institutions, Tokens
are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance to
insure them. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of utility value,
there is no public insurer or private insurance arranged by Token
Generator to offer recourse to Purchaser.

- 45 -

Patent Filed

3 GOVERNMENTAL DISCLOSURES

3.1 Token Generator is not a regulated mutual fund
Token Generator is not regulated as a mutual fund for the purpose of the Mutual Funds Law (Revised) of the Cayman Islands
on the basis that Tokens are not shares and Token Generator
is not a mutual fund, and neither a copy of this White Paper
or details about Token Generator have been filed with Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA). Because Token Generator is
not a regulated mutual fund, Token Generator is not subject to
the supervision of CIMA and Token Generator is not required to
have its accounts audited nor submit such accounts to CIMA.
If Token Generator were regulated as a mutual fund under the
Mutual Funds Law (Revised), it would need to comply with regulatory requirements designed to protect investors, including
the requirement to limit the minimum aggregate token purchase
amount to USD $100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency
in order for it not to be licensed or administered by a licensed
mutual fund administrator. Token Generator would also need to
pay a prescribed initial registration fee. These are matters which
would be required in connection with an initial registration under
the Mutual Funds Law. Token Generator would also then have
ongoing obligations under the Mutual Funds Law following its
initial registration, including the obligation to
(a) to file with CIMA prescribed details of any changes to this
White Paper;
(b) to file annually with CIMA accounts audited by an approved auditor and a fund annual return; and
(c) to pay a prescribed annual fee.
If Token Generator were a regulated mutual fund, it would also
be subject to the supervision of CIMA, and CIMA would have
wide powers to take certain actions if certain events occur.
3.2 Risk of unfavorable regulatory action in one or more
jurisdictions
The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets,
and blockchain technology is undeveloped, varies significantly
among jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. It
is possible that certain jurisdictions may adopt laws, regulations,
policies or rules directly or indirectly affecting the Bitcoin and
Ethereum network, or restricting the right to acquire, own, hold,
sell, convert, trade, or use Tokens. Developments in laws, regulations, policies or rules may alter the nature of the operation of
the blockchain network upon which Tokens are dependent.
There can be no assurance that governmental authorities will
not examine the operations of Token Generator Parties and/or
pursue enforcement actions against Token Generator Parties.
All of this may subject Token Generator Parties to judgments,
settlements, fines or penalties, or cause Token Generator Parties
to restructure their operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services, all of which could harm Token
Generator Parties’ reputation or lead to higher operational costs,
which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Tokens and/
or the development of the Platform.
3.3 Purchaser bears responsibility of legal categorisation
There is a risk that Tokens might be considered a security in
certain jurisdictions, or that they might be considered to be a
security in the future. The Token Generator does not provide any
warranty or guarantee as to whether Tokens will be a security
in the jurisdiction of the Purchaser. Each Purchaser will bear all
consequences of Tokens being considered a security in their respective jurisdiction. Every Purchaser is responsible to confirm if
the acquisition and/or disposal of Tokens is legal in its relevant
jurisdiction, and each Purchaser undertakes not to use Tokens in
any jurisdiction where doing so would be unlawful. If a Purchaser
establishes that the purchase or use of Tokens is not legal in its
jurisdiction, it should not acquire Tokens and immediately stop

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

using or possessing Tokens.
Acquiring Tokens in exchange for cryptocurrencies will most
likely continue to be scrutinized by various regulatory bodies
around the world, which may impact the usage of Tokens. The
legal ability of the Token Generator to provide or support Tokens
in some jurisdictions may be eliminated by future regulation or
legal actions. In the event the Token Generator determines that
the purchase or usage of Tokens is illegal in a certain jurisdiction,
the Token Generator may cease operations in that jurisdiction, or
adjust Tokens or the Platform in a way to comply with applicable
law.
3.4 Purchaser bears responsibility for complying with transfer
restrictions
Tokens may be placed on third-party exchanges, giving future
purchasers and users an opportunity to openly buy Tokens. A
user seeking to enter the Platform following the Token Generation will have to buy Tokens on such exchanges. Conversely,
Tokens may be sold on such exchanges if the holder of Tokens
would like to exit the Platform ecosystem. Existing laws on the
circulation of securities in certain countries, such as the United States of America, Canada and Singapore, may prohibit the
sale of Tokens to the residents of those countries. When buying
Tokens, Purchaser should be aware of the restrictions on their
subsequent sale.

4

GENERAL SECURITY RISKS

4.1 Risk of theft and hacking
Token generation events and initial coin offerings are often targeted by hackers and bad actors. Hackers may attempt to interfere with the purchaser’s wallet (Purchaser’s Wallet), the Token
Smart Contract or the availability of Tokens in any number of
ways, including without limitation denial of service attacks, Sybil
attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based
attacks. Any such attack may result in theft of Purchaser’s Tokens.
4.2 Private keys
Tokens purchased by Purchaser may be held by Purchaser in Purchaser’s digital wallet or vault, which requires a private key, or
a combination of private keys, for access. Accordingly, loss of
requisite private key(s) associated with Purchaser’s digital wallet
or vault storing Tokens will result in loss of such Tokens. Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet
or vault service Purchaser uses, may be able to misappropriate
Purchaser’s Tokens. Token Generator is not responsible for any
such losses.
4.3 Failure to map a public key to Purchaser’s Wallet
Failure of the Purchaser to map a public key to the Purchaser’s
Wallet may result in third-parties being unable to recognize buyer’s Tokens balance on the Ethereum blockchain when and if they
configure the initial balances of a new blockchain based upon
the Platform.
4.4 Exchange risks
If Purchaser sends Ether to the Token Generator from an exchange or an account that Purchaser does not control, Tokens
will be allocated to the account that has sent Ether; therefore,
Purchaser may never receive or be able to recover Purchaser’s
Tokens. Furthermore, if Purchaser chooses to maintain or hold
Tokens through a cryptocurrency exchange or other third party,
Purchaser’s Tokens may be stolen or lost.

- 46 -

Patent Filed

4.5 Risk of incompatible wallet services
The wallet or wallet service provider used for the acquisition and
storage of Tokens has to be technically compatible with Tokens.
The failure to assure this may result in the Purchaser not being
able to gain access to its Tokens.
4.6 Risk of weaknesses or exploitable breakthroughs in the
field of cryptography
Advances in cryptography, or other technical advances such as
the development of quantum computers, could present risks to
cryptocurrencies, Ethereum and Tokens, which could result in the
theft or loss of Tokens.
4.7 Internet transmission risks
There are risks associated with using Tokens including, but not
limited to, the failure of hardware, software, and internet connections. The Token Generator shall not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you
may experience when using the Platform and Tokens, howsoever
caused. Transactions in cryptocurrencies may be irreversible,
and, accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable. cryptocurrencies transactions are
deemed to be made when recorded on a public ledger, which is
not necessarily the date or time when the transaction is initiated.

5

PLATFORM AND TOKEN SMART CONTRACT
DISCLOSURES

5.1 No guarantee that Platform or Token Smart Contract will
be developed
Purchaser acknowledges, understands and agrees that Purchaser
should not expect and there is no guarantee or representation
or warranty by Token Generator or Platform Operator that: (a)
the Platform and Token Smart Contract will ever be adopted; (b)
the Platform and Token Smart Contract will be adopted as developed and not in a different or modified form; (c) a final blockchain utilizing or adopting the Token Smart Contract will ever be
launched; and (d) a final blockchain will ever be launched with or
without changes to the Token Smart Contract and with or without a distribution of tokens matching the fixed initial balances
of Tokens recorded on the Token Smart Contract. Furthermore,
Tokens issued under the Token Smart Contract will not have any
functionality on the final blockchain and holding Tokens is not
a guarantee, representation or warranty that the holder will be
able to use the such final blockchain, or receive any tokens actually utilized on the Platform with the final blockchain is created,
even if the Platform is launched and the Token Smart Contract is
adopted, of which there is no guarantee, representation or warranty made by Token Generator.
5.2 Risks associated with the Token Smart Contract and
associated software and/or infrastructure.
(a) Malfunctions
The Token Smart Contract is based on the Ethereum blockchain.
As such, any malfunction, unintended function or unexpected
functioning of the Ethereum protocol may cause Tokens and/or
the Platform to malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended manner.
(b) Bugs and weaknesses
The Ethereum blockchain rests on open source software, and
accordingly there is the risk that the Token Smart Contract may
contain intentional or unintentional bugs or weaknesses which
may negatively affect Tokens or result in the loss or theft of Tokens or the loss of ability to access or control Tokens. In the event
of such a software bug or weakness, there may be no remedy

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

and Tokens holders are not guaranteed any remedy, refund or
compensation.
(c) Delays and congestions
On the Ethereum blockchain timing of block production is determined by proof of work so block production can occur at random times. For example, Ether contributed to the Token Smart
Contract in the final seconds of a distribution period may not get
included for that period. Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the Ethereum blockchain may not include the Purchaser’s transaction at the time Purchaser expects and Purchaser may not receive Tokens the same day Purchaser sends Ether.
The Ethereum blockchain is prone to periodic congestion during
which transactions can be delayed or lost. Individuals may also
intentionally spam the Ethereum] network in an attempt to gain
an advantage in purchasing cryptographic tokens. Purchaser
acknowledges and understands that Ethereum block producers
may not include Purchaser’s transaction when Purchaser wants
or Purchaser’s transaction may not be included at all.
(d) Value of Ether
Ether, the native unit of account of the Ethereum may itself lose
value in ways similar to Tokens, and also other ways. More information about Ethereum is available at http://www.ethereum.org.
5.3 Irreversible nature of blockchain transactions
Transactions involving Tokens that have been verified, and thus
recorded as a block on the blockchain, generally cannot be undone. Even if the transaction turns out to have been in error, or
due to theft of a user’s Tokens, the transaction is not reversible.
Further, at this time, there is no governmental, regulatory, investigative, or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which
to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen Cryptocurrencies and Tokens. Consequently, the Token Generator
may be unable to replace missing Tokens or seek reimbursement
for any erroneous transfer or theft of Tokens.
5.4 Amendments to protocol
The development team and administrators of the source code
for Ethereum blockchain or the Token Smart Contract could
propose amendments to such network’s protocols and software
that, if accepted and authorized, or not accepted, by the network
community, could adversely affect the supply, security, value, or
market share of Tokens.
5.5 Risk of mining attacks
As with other decentralized cryptocurrencies, Ethereum blockchain, which is used for Tokens, is susceptible to mining attacks,
including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks and race condition
attacks. Any successful attack presents a risk to Tokens, including
the expected proper execution and sequencing of Tokens and
Ethereum contract computations in general. Despite the efforts
of the Token Generator and Ethereum Foundation, the risk of
known or novel mining attacks exists. Mining attacks, as described above, may also target other blockchain networks, with
which Tokens interact with and consequently Tokens may be impacted also in that way to the extent described above.

6

TOKEN GENERATOR AND PLATFORM OPERATOR
DISCLOSURES

6.1 Legal structure of Token Generator and Platform Operator
The Token Generator is an exempted company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands pursuant to the Companies Law (Revised).
An exempted company is a body corporate which has separate
legal personality capable of exercising all the functions of a natu-

- 47 -

Patent Filed

ral person of full capacity irrespective of any question of corporate benefit, and having perpetual succession. The constitution
of an exempted company is contained in two documents, the
memorandum of association and the articles of association (Articles). The Articles typically provide that there must be at least
one director of a Cayman company and the management of the
company is the responsibility of, and is carried out by, its board
of directors. The memorandum of association of a Cayman company must specify the authorised share capital of such company.
The memorandum of association will state the aggregate amount
of the authorised share capital, together with details of the number of shares into which it is divided and the par value of those
shares. As a holder of Tokens, you are not entitled to any shares
of Token Generator nor to any other right or interest in or to Token Generator (including any debt or equity interest therein) and
will have no rights to appoint or remove the board of directors or
operators of Token Generator.
As a holder of Tokens, you are not entitled to any shares of Platform Operator nor to any other right or interest in or to Platform
Operator (including any debt or equity interest therein) and will
have no rights to appoint or remove the board of directors or
operators of Platform.
Because Tokens confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Token Generator, Platform Operator or the Platform,
all decisions involving the Token Generator’s and Platform Operator’s products or services, including the services provided on
the Platform will be made by Token Generator and/or the Platform Operator in their sole discretion. These decisions could adversely affect the platform and the utility of any Tokens you own..
6.2 Relationship between Token Generator and Platform
Operator
The Token Generator and Platform Operator are not partners under any partnership arrangement and, accordingly, neither party
may contractually bind the other as its partner.
6.3 Dependence on management team
The ability of each of the Token Generator’s and Platform Operator’s project teams, which are respectively responsible for maintaining competitive position of the Tokens and Platform, is dependent to a large degree on the services of their management
teams. The loss or diminution in the services of members of such
senior management team or an inability to attract, retain and
maintain additional senior management personnel could have a
material adverse effect on the Tokens and Platform. Competition for personnel with relevant expertise is intense due to the
small number of qualified individuals, and this competition may
seriously affect such entity’s ability to retain its existing senior
management and attract additional qualified senior management
personnel, which could have a significant adverse impact on the
Tokens and Platform.
6.4 Risks related to reliance on third parties
Even if completed, the Platform will rely, in whole or partly, on
third-parties to adopt and implement it and to continue to develop, supply, and otherwise support it. There is no assurance
or guarantee that those third-parties will complete their work,
properly carry out their obligations, or otherwise meet anyone’s
needs, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the
Platform.
6.5 Insufficient interest in the Platform and Tokens
It is possible that the Platform or Tokens will not be used by a
large number of individuals, businesses and organizations and
that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of its functionalities. Such a lack of interest could impact
the development of the Tokens and Platform.
6.6 Platform development risks
The development of the Token Smart Contract and/or Platform

© Copyright, Tatatu, 2018

be abandoned for a number of reasons, including lack of interest
from the public, insufficient funding, insufficient commercial success or prospects or departure of key personnel.
6.7 Changes to Platform
The Platform is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. Although Platform Operator intends
for the Platform to have the features and specifications set forth
in this White Paper, changes to such features and specifications
may be made for any number of reasons, any of which may mean
that the Platform does not meet expectations of the Purchaser.
6.8 Other projects
The Token Smart Contract and Platform may give rise to other,
alternative projects, promoted by parties that are affiliated or unaffiliated with the Token Generator Parties and such projects may
provide no benefit to the Tokens or Platform.
6.9 Disclosures relating to conflicts of interest
Any of the Token Generator Parties may be engaged in transactions with related parties and conflicts of interest may arise,
potentially resulting in the conclusion of transactions on terms
not determined by market forces.
6.10 Licences and approvals are not assured in all jurisdictions
Platform Operator intend to operate in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences
and approvals in key markets. This means that the development
and rollout of all the features of the ecosystem described in this
whitepaper are not guaranteed. Regulatory licences and/or approvals are potentially to be required in a number of relevant
jurisdictions in which relevant activities may take place. It is not
possible to guarantee, and no person makes any assurances, that
any such licences or approvals will be obtained within a particular timeframe or at all. This means that Platform Operator and
other features of the proposed ecosystem may not be available
in certain markets, or at all. This could require restructuring of
that ecosystem and/or its unavailability in all or certain respects.
6.11 No Auditing
The Token Generator and Platform Operator are not required to
and will not provide Purchasers with any accounting regarding
the use of the proceeding from the sale of the Tokens. The use of
such proceeding will not be subject to any audit.

7

OTHER DISCLOSURES

Purchases of Tokens should be undertaken only by individuals,
entities, or companies that have significant experience with, and
understanding of, the usage and intricacies of cryptocurrencies,
including cryptographically secured digital tokens, and blockchain based software systems. Purchaser should have a functional understanding of storage and transmission mechanisms
associated with other cryptographic tokens. While the Token
Generator will be available to assist purchasers of Tokens during
the sale, the Token Generator will not be responsible in any way
for loss of BTC, ETH or Tokens resulting from actions taken by,
or omitted by purchasers. If you do not have such experience or
expertise, then you should not purchase Tokens or participate in
the sale of Tokens.
Cryptographic tokens such as Tokens are a new and untested
technology. In addition to the risks included above, there are
other risks associated with your purchase, possession and use
of Tokens, including unanticipated risks. Such risks may further
materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the
risks discussed above.

- 48 -

Patent Filed

