Making business profit
by solving social problems
WHITE PAPER

1

TE-FOOD, the world’s largest
publicly accessible, farm-to-table
food traceability system
is moving to blockchain.
TE-FOOD is a successful food traceability solution, used by
6,000+ companies, managing more than 400,000 transactions
each day, reaching 30 million people.
We are dedicated to improve food safety, fight off corruption,
support fair trade, and build trust between the food supply
chain companies, consumers, and authorities in the emerging
markets.
We believe that building a sustainable business on food safety
is much more efficient to make difference than any type of aid.

2

1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

What is
TE-FOOD

TE-FOOD is a successful farm-to-table livestock and fresh food traceability solution, focusing on
emerging markets. Since 2016, TE-FOOD has been implemented in Vietnam. As a farm-to-table
solution, TE-FOOD tracks the items through the whole supply chain (farm, slaughterhouse,
wholesaler, retailer) and provides tools to consumers, supply chain companies, and authorities to
gain food history and food quality insights.
TE-FOOD has grown to over 6000+ business customers, tracking 12,000 pigs, 200,000 chickens, and
2.5 million eggs daily. In 2018, it will be extended to track cattle, fish & seafood, and fruits &
vegetables.

Market

Products

Foodborne diseases around the world are accountable for the hospitalization of 700 million people
and 400,000 deaths annually. The global food traceability solution market will reach $15.1 Billion by
2021. Compound Annual Growth Rate is highest in Asia-Pacific (CAGR: 16.7%) vs. rest of the world
(5.5-8.7%). Effects of traceability are medical (fewer foodborne illnesses and deaths), social
(consumer demand, need for trust), and economical (decreased product recall costs, supporting
export, transparency, increased VAT revenue).
TE-FOOD provides physical identification tools, mobile and web based software solutions in a PPP
model (low or no upfront fee, and long term contract). TE-FOOD charges for the identification tools,
the data transactions made in the system, and custom services. Our customers are governments,
private companies, and professional organizations.
TE-FOOD is optimized for emerging markets. Despite it uses modern technology, it’s the cheapest
solution available, with no need for special equipment. The business model fits emerging countries,
making it a profitable business. Our detailed, practical implementation guide ensures scalability in
other countries.

Company

Token sale

TE-FOOD is a joint project of a Hungarian and a Vietnamese company, currently employing 30 people.
For international expansion, all rights and activities will be incorporated into a new single company:
TE-FOOD International Ltd. Leaders of the new company have over 20 years of business and IT
experience.
To pre-sell tokens which can be exchanged for services within the system. Our main plan for 2018
is international market expansion. We have detailed roadmap to launch TE-FOOD in 17 countries
within 5 years. Blockchain provides transparent trust based solution for international
operation. Tokenization with smart contracts eliminates volatility as a unified financial transaction
ledger solution.
TFD: issued as a utility token by TE-FOOD.
Total coins issued: 1,000,000,000 (100%)
Sold in token sale: 400,000,000 (40%)
Token sale volume: US$16,000,000

Token sale starts on February 22, 2018.
Early contributors can get discounts up to 30%.

3

1.

Executive summary

3

9.2

Market analysis

29

2.

Current numbers of TE-FOOD

5

9.3

Marketing and sales strategy

31

3.

Mission

6

9.4

Pricing strategy

36

4.

Social problems to solve

7

9.5

Competition / alternatives

36

5.

Current status OF TE-FOOD

8

9.6

Roadmap

40

6.

7.

5.1

Traceability tools

10

9.7

Financial plan

43

5.2

Retail and consumer tools

12

9.8

Partners

44

5.3

Farm management tools

13

5.4

Livestock registry

13

9.9
Why participate in TE-FOOD’s token
sale?
45

Our planned solution
6.1

Blockchain utilization

15

6.2

Other planned developments

21

Implementation in Vietnam
7.1

8.

9.

Advantages of TE-FOOD

Team

22
23
24

8.1

Team members

24

8.2

IT background

27

Business plan
9.1

Market

10. Token sale

14

28
28

4

46

10.1

Fact sheet

46

10.2

Public sale

47

10.3

Allocation of revenues

47

10.4

Token distribution

50

2. CURRENT NUMBERS OF TE-FOOD

Current traceability volume of TE-FOOD

12,000

200,000

2,500,000

pigs / day

chickens / day

eggs / day

Planned extensions:

Cattle

Fruits, vegetables, and
arable crops

Fish and seafood

Animal antibiotics

TE-FOOD is used by










3,100 farms
3,400 livestock agents
70 slaughterhouses
35 food producers

25 veterinary companies
30 wholesale markets
190 wholesale distributors
2,600 retailers and markets

Achievements
More than

More than

Serving

6,000 business
customers

10,000 people

30 million people

trained in one year

with fresh food traceability
information

5

3. MISSION

Since 2015, we have been developing TE-FOOD as a centralized traceability solution. As we had been working
with companies of the food supply chain, we had to realize that the trust among consumers, supply chain
companies and authorities is completely lost.
The industry is so full with debates, lawsuits, corruption, and scams, that even data coming from a third party
like existing traceability system seems suspicious to the participants.
We started to think how to solve this problem, to bring back trust in food related information. We needed a
technology which ensures that the food related data can not be corrupted or modified in any way.
This led us to blockchain.
TE-FOOD is introducing a utility token called TFD, blockchain protocol, and smart contracts that creates a trusted
transaction ledger to integrate consumers, supply chain participants and authorities in one ecosystem.

TE-FOOD’s mission is
•
•
•
•

to make food industry more transparent
to democratize the access to food related information as a common property
to enable technology to become the „authority”
to reduce the scale and effect of epidemics and food frauds in emerging countries
all around the world
• to educate people through incentivizing conscious consumer behavior
• to help small farms to be more competitive

6

4. SOCIAL PROBLEMS TO SOLVE

Food safety



1 in 10 people gets ill each year from foodborne diseases.
Lack of food safety processes result in the death of 400,000 people, mostly children
under age 5.

Antimicrobial resistance, overuse of antibiotic drugs



Common overuse of animal antibiotics caused the emergence of antibiotic-resistant infections,
which totals $20 billion in health care costs each year only in the U.S.
By 2050, antimicrobial resistance (AMR) can cause low-income, developing countries to lose
more than 5% of their GDP and push up to 28 million people into poverty.

Economic inequality



Food sector is the most affected industry by economic inequality.
Employees in agriculture among lowest earners.

Migration caused by climate change



Climate change has the biggest negative impact on the agricultural sector.
Migration caused by climate change is a growing threat to a lot of emerging countries, which
has serious global impacts.

Food frauds, mistrustful supply chains



Public sector corruption takes out $1.5 trillion to $2 trillion annually from the global economy
in the form of bribes and costs far more in stunted economic growth, lost tax revenues and
sustained poverty.
Food frauds have serious economical impact of $55B.

Low VAT revenue, high VAT rates


In a lot of developing countries it is very hard to follow the real quantity of retail transactions,
which results in high VAT rates on legal trading to compensate the loss.

Read more about the social problems and TE-FOOD’s solutions

Implementing a modern, cost effective food traceability solution can make the difference, but it’s a
road full with obstacles and pitfalls. To successfully implement such a system needs commitment,
determination, cutting edge technology, and tremendous competence.
Read more about the challenges

7

5. CURRENT STATUS OF TE-FOOD

TE-FOOD is a livestock and fresh food traceability solution, currently implemented in Vietnam, the third
largest country in Southeast Asia with 94.5M people.
TE-FOOD enables all companies of the fresh food supply chain to manage logistics and food safety
related data in their operations. Identification tools of various technologies are applied to livestock,
transports, and fresh food packages to follow the items throughout the whole supply chain. Fresh food
products in retail can be traced back to their origins together with food safety related information.

The basic process of the fresh food supply chain can be decomposed to a series of activities. The roles,
activities, and their input / output data can vary in different categories, and in different countries. TEFOOD's modular structure enables us to easily customize the process flow, and its data requirements
according to the requirements.

8

This diagram shows the process flow for pigs, but in TE-FOOD each food category has its customized
process. Authority control can be embedded to any part of the process.
Connecting the physical and digital goes by reading the QR codes with the TE-FOOD mobile app, to
read/write/update data about a tracked item.
Additional features:

Food safety alerts
Food safety alerts are built into
the whole process, and can be
triggered by certain events. E.g.
if a livestock transport takes
longer than the average, can
trigger an alert to the
veterinary at the receiving side
to check the transport as it can
be suspicious.

Reputation system
An internal reputation scoring
system helps supply chain
participants to rate their
connected suppliers through
their
common
business
transactions.

9

Supporting
conscious
consumer behavior
TE-FOOD provides a mobile app
for consumers to check the
history and food quality
information of food products,
and provides incentives to use
it frequently.

5.1 Traceability tools
Status: ready for pig, chicken, and egg (cattle is under development)

5.1.1 Identification tools
TE-FOOD provides cost effective 1D/2D and RFID identification tools for the supply chain.

Plastic security
barcodes)

seals

(1D/2D Label stickers (2D barcodes)

QR codes combined with easily recognizable
Sunshine and water resistant printing, non-toxic color codes (colorgram) for easier visual validity
material. Security seals are used to identify check. Label stickers are applied to individual
livestock, transport trucks, and fresh food food packages in retail.
packages.

RFID tags
High quality RFID ear tags for
specific animals and easier
reading.
Planned
implementation for cattles.

Printed paper bags
(2D barcodes)

TE-FOOD scale labels
(2D barcodes)

We supply recyclable paper TE-FOOD is integrated to smart
bags with pre-printed TE-FOOD scales, to print scale labels with
QR code.
the TE-FOOD QR code on it.
Reading the QR code shows the
history of the fresh food
product.

Read more about the identification tools

10

5.1.2 B2B mobile app
TE-FOOD provides a multilingual mobile admin app, optimized for
low-end phones.
Using the app is role based, each role (e.g. farm, slaughterhouse,
etc.) has its own processes, menus, functions. The functions focus on





Logistics transactions - sending and receiving transports,
verifying information provided by the previous step
Food safety information - providing weight, feeding,
vaccination, etc. information
Identification tool management – inventory and ordering of
identification tools and transactions
Authority tools – functions of the supply chain enforcement
for the authority (e.g. governmental veterinaries, police)

The mobile app uses the phone's camera to read 1D/2D barcodes to
identify items (livestock, transport, food product) as part of
processes.

5.1.3 Back office tools
Standard interfaces
TE-FOOD is open towards companies with third-party logistics or traceability
solutions. Traceability information can be sent to the system through standard
interfaces. Supply chain companies which have their own identification tools,
can request identification serials through an API.

Reporting tools
Supply chain participants automatically get daily, weekly, monthly reports
with tables and charts about their activities.

11

5.2 Retail and consumer tools
Status: ready

5.2.1 B2C consumer mobile app
Beside supply chain members and the authority, TE-FOOD is
transparent towards the consumers as well.
A B2C consumer mobile app enables consumers to read the QR codes,
and view the history and characteristics of the fresh food they intend
to buy.
 Read and verify QR code
 Read product history
 Learn more about the suppliers
The mobile app is available for Android and IOS.

Read more about the consumer app

5.2.2 Digital signage
For further customer convenience, TE-FOOD provides solutions
for retails to display traceability information. A self service
terminal solution helps consumers without mobile phone to read
the QR codes on the product and display food history.
Read more about the digital signage solution

5.2.3 Zalo.me integration
Our smart QR codes can be read by Zalo.me, the most popular messenger platform in Vietnam, which
enables 60 million Zalo users to view product history through the Zalo mobile app.

12

5.3 Farm management tools
Status: partly ready (working modules: inventory, feeding, vaccination)
To help improving the competitiveness of smaller farms, we
provide an easy to use, mobile app based farm management
application, which is integrated into the TE-FOOD B2B app.
Currently the farm management tools consist of the core modules
(inventory, feeding, vaccination), which also help providing food
safety data in the traceability process.
We plan to broaden the functionality of this app to reinforce the
engagement of farms, and help them operating a more sustainable
business.

5.4 Livestock registry
Status: under development, release at Q4, 2017

As part of the food safety tools provided to authorities,
our livestock registry and management solution
enables national or local authorities to get certain
regular status reports from farms. From basic livestock
inventory information to sales and export reports, the
system provides wide range of information. To provide
the necessary data, farms need to download an easy to
use mobile app, or connect their systems to our API.
In the 2nd phase, the system will be extended with AI
based smart pandemic forecasting and alarming
modules, to provide authorities tools to prepare for,
and to limit the effects of potential outbreaks.

13

6. OUR PLANNED SOLUTION

Current status

Planned developments

Please note that TE-FOOD is a ready solution with tokenized transactions. The planned developments
are here to provide information on the project for potential users.
We plan to replace the current, decentralized transaction ledger with a blockchain based structure.
We also plan to extend the current functionality of the system, which will have great impact of the
sales possibilities of TE-FOOD:
Decentralized transaction ledger

Gain additional credibility by a blockchain based
transaction and food information ledger.

Food safety sensor tools

Mitigating supply chain debates by measuring and
logging the environmental conditions of transported
livestock and food.

Marketplace

Gaining new markets and improve engagement by
providing B2B livestock and fresh food trading
possibility for the supply chain.

Extended food categories

Gaining new markets by extending TE-FOOD to track
and trace cattles, fish/seafood, fruits/vegetables, and
animal antibiotics.
14

Animal face recognition

Gaining new markets by enabling the identification of
cattles without any physical identification tool.

6.1 Blockchain utilization
Status: tokenization is ready, blockchain transaction ledger is planned

6.1.1 Why TE-FOOD needs blockchain?


Because the data provided by the supply chain participants must be unmodifiable. Due to the
significant distrust and suspiciousness among consumers, supply chain companies, and
authorities (caused by several food frauds and corruption), only technically unalterable
logistics and food quality data can provide credibility.



Because the data in the system is a common property of all participants. It must be stored in
a shared, distributed ledger to provide transparency.



Because the food safety related data all over the world is a property of all us, and data
accessibility must be public and democratic.



Because the economic inequality is one of the largest social problems and we need a
technology which helps to create a fair access to data, know-how, and income.



Because corruption is a global economic problem, and the food sector in emerging countries
is one of the most affected sectors. Incorruptible food history information leads to transparent
food supply chains, which can make a difference in public health, and literally save lives.

“If you’re buying some food or medicine, for example, you have this
complex global supply chain… Ideally, you’d want to have some
kind of common shared network that you could use to get all the
information about where each individual thing came from so you
could trace every part of the product back to where it came from.
You could have a smartphone app that you could check everything
about the product and see if it satisfies your needs. To do this kind
of thing, you need to have a shared network and the blockchain is
a great way to do it.”
Vitalik Buterin

15

Watch the video

6.1.2 Ecosystem structure

6.1.3 Integrating all participants
TE-FOOD, with the tokenized financial transactions will enable us to equally integrate supply chain
participants, authorities, and consumers into the process.

16

6.1.4 Blockchain structure
Blockchain will be implemented for two purposes:



Token transaction ledger
The token payment solution will be implemented on a public network using TFD, an ERC20
token.
Traceability transaction ledger
Transactional and food related information will be stored on a private blockchain, and will be
driven by an internal technical token: the Transaction token.

Supply chain companies will have



a TFD wallet on the public network, which can be accessed directly or through the TE-FOOD
mobile app
a Transaction wallet on the private network, which can be accessed by the TE-FOOD B2C
mobile app.

6.1.5 Utility token
According to the utility token types by William Mougayar, TFD will have more utility types:


Toll: To use TE-FOOD’s blockchain traceability ledger, supply chain participants will need to
pay for transactions using the token.



Value exchange: There is a lot of information provided by certain type of supply chain
companies, which is valuable for other supply chain companies. (Example: if and when a calf
was treated with vaccines or antibiotics is a valuable information for the cattle farms which
buy the calf. Normally they don’t have this information, and they needlessly treat the animals
with vaccines and antibiotics. This can lead to overuse of antibiotics. If they can get this
information for a cheap price, the cattle farm can avoid the redundant activity, thus saving
money. This income goes to the information provider (the calf farm).)



Value exchange: Consumers get tokens as reward for using the TE-FOOD consumer mobile
app in retail, reading the QR code and viewing the food history, this way, the system incentives
conscious consumer behavior.

17



Value exchange: Consumers can use the tokens to order food analysis services. They package
a part of the food product and send it to TE-FOOD, and they got the results of the food analysis
in electronic format.



Right: Token holders can rate supply chain companies with which they are in connection, so
the system can maintain a supply chain company scoring system.

6.1.6 Token supply
Before the token sale, 1 billion tokens will be generated.



Public token pool: 500 million tokens will be in the public token circulation (400 million offered
in the public sale, 100 million to marketing, proof-of-care, advisors, cafeteria pool).
General reserve: All remaining 500 million TFDs will be held in a General reserve.

As the number of TE-FOOD customers grow, they will require more transactions, thus, more tokens.
At the same time, certain participants of the ecosystem will staking tokens, and some wallets are lost
or forgotten, which will limit the supply.
TE-FOOD doesn’t want to endanger the core activities of TE-FOOD, that’s why in certain times, we
maintain the right to release tokens to the market from the General reserve beyond the 500 million
limit. However, the released excess amount will be justified by the need for the tokens in the
circulation. Finally, when TE-FOOD grows further, all 1 billion tokens will be on the market, which we
believe will be sufficient for long time operation.

6.1.7 Token economy

18

Buying traceability transactions
1. Supply chain participants indicate the number of transactions they want to buy in the TE-FOOD
B2B app.
2. To cover the cost of the desired number of transactions, they can buy TFDs for fiat money or
ETH on the Exchange, and store it in their TFD wallet.
3. The smart contract automatically
a. deducts 10% of the TFD tokens, and
 9% is exchanged to transactions on a fixed exchange rate for supply chain
reimbursement (See the Reimbursements process),
 transfers 1% to the TE-FOOD Consumer Rewards wallet,
b. exchanges the tokens to transactions on a fixed exchange rate,
c. the remaining tokens are distributed to the solution provider.
4. On the private blockchain, TE-FOOD deposits the purchased transactions to the supply chain
participant’s Transaction wallet.

Reimbursements
1. Each time a supply chain participant buys transactions, 9% is exchanged to transactions on a
fixed exchange rate for supply chain reimbursement.
2. Daily once, an algorithm selects the supply chain companies to share the tokens.
3. On the private blockchain, TE-FOOD automatically deposits the transactions to the selected
supply chain members’ transaction wallet.

Paying for value added information
1. Supply chain companies (value providers) can set a price / item on specific food related data
they provide.
2. If other supply chain companies (the buyers of the value providers) want to obtain those
information, a smart contract
a. deducts the total price (value added information price multiplied by the actual number
of the received tracked goods) from their TFD wallet,
b. transfers the TFDs to the value provider’s TFD wallet.

Rewarding conscious consumers
1. Consumers check the TE-FOOD tracked food product’s QR code using the B2C mobile app.
2. A smart contract automatically transfers a pre-specified amount of TFD tokens from the TEFOOD Consumer Reward wallet to the Consumer’s TFD wallet as reward.

Selling tokens
1. Supply chain participants and consumers can sell their excess tokens on the Exchange for a
desired rate. It creates a selling offer on the Market.
2. Buyers can buy tokens on a desired rate, when they match, the deal is written in a smart
contract.
3. The seller’s TFDs are transferred to the buyer’s TFD wallet.

6.1.8 Transaction ledger
Due to the fact, that data stored in a country-wide food traceability system is extremely sensible from
a governmental viewpoint, we assume in most cases, storing transactional data on a public blockchain
network will not be acceptable for governmental customers.

19

The blockchain layout differs from the traditional public ledger network model, for the planned
solution is heterogeneous based on real world business logic. The protocol will route it's mesh
network not on traditional IPv4 or IPv6 methods like kademilla, but use existing business logic called
"contract routing". Rhyno Technologies is by default part of this contract routing as per the EULA,
and additional partners interacting with the smart-contract framework can find other partners based
on this mesh network.
While self-marketing takes place with known blockchain paradigms, business logic requires private
information retrieval that will be implemented using quantum safe lattice cryptography and zeroknowledge transactions as seen in EIP207 and EIP760.
Having a heavily USD-backed marked, interpolability with the utility token is a must, which will
happen transparently for end-users, putting the exchange mechanism under the same consensus
model for the USD market as seen for the token itself.
Data storage shall make use of decentralized storage to mitigate redundancy, where nodes can only
store hashes known to not fall into their contract scope using bloom filters. This way we remove
interest in unpinning sensitive data for doing so will ruin business reputation outside of the
consensus model too.
Instant transactions for existing industry solutions where fee handling and block time acceptance is
not an option, we offer a lightning network/tumblebit solution for instant off chain transactions,
while preserving all guarantees of the network.

20

6.2 Other planned developments
6.2.1 Food safety sensor tools
Status: prototype is ready
For fresh food, the environmental conditions of transportation are
crucial for food safety.
We plan to develop a special hardware product, which can be built
in transportation vehicles and transportation boxes to measure
these environmental parameters (temperature, humidity, time
interval, geolocation), log them directly to blockchain, and build an
analyzer layer to send alerts when pre-set conditions are violated.
This tool provides proof if the food is kept in appropriate
conditions during transportation.

6.2.2 Marketplace
Status: planned
TE-FOOD already covers all logistical and food safety aspects of the supply chain. To broaden the
possibilities of companies, we plan to extend it with trading related data (e.g. pricing, inventory,
contractual conditions), to create a virtual livestock and fresh food marketplace which enables easier
matching of buyers and sellers as well as wizard based contracting with automated conditioning (e.g.
quality or transporting conditions), and escrow based payment.

6.2.3 Animal facial recognition
Status: planned
Physical tags for animal identification are the most popular tools
in traceability. However, their procurement and application on
the livestock mean a continuous cost for the farmers. But until
now, there was no other solution.
The radical improvements in artificial intelligence driven image
recognition during the last years, and the availability of cheap,
but good quality cameras created an opportunity for a new
identification approach.
In cooperation with Meat and Livestock Australia, we will develop
a face recognition system to identify cattles from a digital photo.

21

7. IMPLEMENTATION IN VIETNAM

The implementation of the system was done by TE Ltd., a Vietnamese
company as contracting partner of the government of Ho Chi Minh City. The
system combines mobile technology and a cloud based central system with
cost effective identification tools.
TE-FOOD’s implementation in Vietnam was all over the news.
View TE-FOOD’s media coverage

Some of our customers
Click on the logos to view their web site.

22

View our photo gallery

7.1 Advantages of TE-FOOD
Credibility

Cost effectiveness

Introducing blockchain to provide an incorruptible,
unalterable ledger, combined with a smart food
safety alert system creates trust among consumers,
authorities, and supply chain companies..

To keep costs down, TE-FOOD doesn’t require to
use costly equipment, or enterprise integration.
The cost of tracking an item (e.g. a pig) can be as
low as $1 throughout the whole chain.

Methodology

Consumer involvement

We have a top-to-bottom implementation roadmap
for emerging markets, which describes how to
organize, train, communicate such implementation.

We provide a mobile app, and a token based
motivation system to consumers to act more
consciously when shopping for fresh food.

Pragmatism

Reimbursement

Changing processes of the supply chains need time.
TE-FOOD doesn’t require to disrupt current
contracting or payment methods. It extends them
with trusted technologies.

Supply chain participants can get reimbursements
for providing more food safety information. This is
important to make farms committed to provide
proper traceability data.

Interoperability

Customized approach

Whole-chain approach and general standards (GS1)
provide interoperability beyond borders, and the
opportunity for participants to mitigate common
redundant actions (e.g. double vaccination)

TE-FOOD can be used as a full-scale tracking
solution as well as a transaction ledger on top of
an existing traceability or ERP system. In each
case, we configure the system to follow the
custom elements of the customer’s processes.

Flexible business models

Flexible financing models

TE-FOOD can be implemented by a government or
institution in a B2G model, or by companies (e.g.
food producer) in a B2B model.

TE-FOOD is implemented in a PPP (Public Private
Partnership) model, which requires minimal
investment.

23

8. TEAM

8.1 Team members
8.1.1 Management
Dr. Trung Dao Ha (52)
CEO
Entrepreneur, president of the High Tech Association of HCMC. 20 years of
strategic leadership, marketing and sales experience in Asia and Europe.

Erik Arokszallasi (50)
CEO
Entrepreneur, co-founder and leader of two successful corporate IT
development companies in Hungary (Erba 96 Ltd., Flexsys Ltd.).
23 years of leadership, and IT project management experience.

Marton Ven (43)
CMO
Entrepreneur, co-founder and marketing leader of two successful corporate IT
development companies (Erba 96 Ltd., Flexsys Ltd.). 21 years of marketing, sales
and project management experience.

Gergely Koves (45)
PM
Former Ernst & Young consultant, and long term manager of environmentally
conscious projects.

24

8.1.2 Food industry experts
Katalin Vereczkey

Dr. Gabor Pajor

Food safety expert

Food safety expert
Veterinary - Informatics. 20+ year
experiences in data analysis, data
science, data mining. Digital Agriculture
expert in the Big4 environment,
founder of the Hungarian Precision
Agriculture Association.

Master in Plant Protection, 18 years
at Syngenta in several managerial
position for diverse portfolio &
agriculture technologies in broad
geographical areas. Experienced in
Digital Agriculture at different
companies.

8.1.3 Blockchain experts
Blockchain implementation is provided by Rhyno Technologies.

Gabor Nagymajtenyi

Abraham Endre (Silur)

BDO Leader

Chief Architect

Founder and owner of successful
corporate IT development
companies in Hungary. 20 years of
leading edge technologies, security
and scalable architectures.

Cryptographer and programmer. One
of the authors of cSploit and
contributor to known security
frameworks, member of Ethereum
Foundation's ewasm and research
team.
https://github.com/Silur

Istvan Szukacs

Daniel Csendes

DevOps

Blockchain technology consultant

Over 15 years of experience with
various Fortune 500 companies and
startups. He has managed changes
in large scale infrastructures
without downtime while customers
were actively using the system.
Besides engineering István has
experience in managing onshore &
offshore software teams delivering
mission critical systems.

An
economist,
investor
and
entrepreneur with fare share of
experience at multinational companies
and
startups.
Blockchain
and
cryptorcurrency expert.

Attila Szabo
Lead Developer
Over 12 years of experience in
software engineering, focusing on
large scale systems in the financial,
chemical, big data space. 6 years
experience in part time lecturing in
computer science (ADA, Java, TDD,
Parallel programming).

25

8.1.4 Software developers
Tamas Biro

Miklos Csaszar

Mobile app developer

Senior sotware engineer

10 years of software development
experience with corporate, mission
critical systems.

11 years of software development
experience. Server side back end
professional.

Gergely Mate

Zoltan Vadovics

Software developer

Software developer

5 years of software development
experience. Specialist of AI
algorithms.

13 years of software development
experience.

Laszlo Szentmiklosi

Bence Kadar

Hardware/software developer

Database specialist

14 years of hardware and
embedded software development
experience.

6 years of database administration
experience.

8.1.5 Infrastructure experts
Gyorgy Varga

Jozsef Tatar

Senior IT infrastrucutre engineer

IT infrastrucutre engineer

17 years of Linux system
administration experience.

11 years of system administration
experience.

8.1.6 Advisors
Endre Jobbagy

Dr. Michael Patching

Blockchain and business
consultant

Independent Animal Welfare and
Husbandry Advisor

Founder and CEO of Interticket, a
traditional software company
operating globally. Co-founder of
Blockchain Competence Center, a
European management consulting
and professional service company
specialized in the Blockchain
industry.

Australian Veterinarian with a Masters
in International Animal Welfare Ethics
and Law and 13 years experience as a
large animal veterinarian. Michael is
the current Vietnam Livestock Services
Manager for Meat and Livestock
Australia (MLA is the Australian red
meat industry service body).

26

8.2 IT background
Some former projects of Erba 96 Ltd., the company which developed TE-FOOD’s system:

Utility cheque payment solution
Hardware and software development of utility cheque payment
terminals and central settlement back office for the Hungarian
Post. Three different types of terminal for self service and retail
cashier managed payment of utility bills.
Complete hardware-software development with unique hardware
elements.

Airport Fast Track payment solution
Budapest Airport FastTrack terminals with cash and credit card
payment, and back office application.
Complete hardware-software development.

Road tolling solution
E-vignette based road tolling system with complete sales,
enforcement and penalty management for the Hungarian
National Toll Payment Services PLC. The system fulfills 200,000
transactions each day, and sells 19 million e-vignettes yearly.

Loyalty card solution
Back office system and retail terminals for the largest Hungarian
loyalty card system (2,5 million card holders), SuperShop with
daily 1.4 million transaction volume.
Complete hardware-software development.

27

9. BUSINESS PLAN

Detailing the business plan serves informational purposes only, and intended to ensure token sale
contributors that the company will be able to provide the services they buy for a long term.

9.1 Market
9.1.1 Market size
Global food traceability market will reach $15.1 Billion by 2021 (Allied Market Research).

16
14
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

9.1.2 Growth rate

CAGR% 2014-2021

Compound Annual Growth Rate of food traceability is the highest in Asia-Pacific (16.7%) compared to
the rest of the world (5.5-8.7%). (Allied Market Research)

Asia-Pacific

RoW
Europe

Market size
28

North America

9.1.3 Target markets

TE-FOOD’s primary target markets are the emerging countries. The reasons:







65% of the food frauds, foodborne illnesses and deaths happen in the emerging countries
In many emerging countries, corruption is very strongly present in food supply chains, and is
a major obstacle in making supply chains transparent. However, there is a strong will in
governments to make this industry cleaner, which gives a strong regulatory background.
Supply chains in emerging countries lack any form of a traceability system. But they have the
opportunity to skip several stages of technological advancement. They simply leave out DOS
based applications or Excel, and jump from paper based transaction register directly to
blockchain based, mobile app driven operation using QR codes.
Growing middle-class in emerging countries, and increasing awareness among population
drives growing demand for consumer level product history insight. Our technology and
implementation methodology fits perfectly in the needs of emerging countries.
Emerging countries represent 60% of the world's population and 45% of its GDP.

9.2 Market analysis
9.2.1 Difficulties of the food traceability market
Difficulty

Solution

Long implementation time (612 months)

The funds raised on the token sale shall provide liquidity during
implementation.

29

Face-to-face trainings require a
lot of resource and
organization

We have large experience in building training teams, and
organizing their work efficiently.

Authorities need a lot of
consultations

We will provide a written guidebook and efficient consultation
services to help authorities in their implementation tasks.

Finding local leaders in target
countries is a tough task

We will put huge effort into the recruitment of the leaders in the
target countries, and offer them convincing incentives to
motivate them.

9.2.2 SWOT analysis of TE-FOOD

S
W
O
T

Strengths
• One of the largest traction
• Whole-chain approach
• Cost-effectiveness, as TE-FOOD is the cheapest solution on the
market
• Practical implementation methodology through experience
• TE-FOOD ecosystem with a wide range of synergistic tools and
applications
Weaknesses
• Lack of international awareness
• Lack of funds for expansion, because our business model needs 1-2
years for ROI
• Few existing sales channels in the emerging countries
• Distance between the company leaders
Opportunities
• Food safety becomes an important development area in emerging
countries
• Growing middle-class in emerging countries, and increasing
awareness among population drives growing demand for consumer
level product history insight
• Food scandals became well publicized, which drives authorities to
tighten regulations
Threats
• Government dependency (in governmental implementation)
• Lot of conflicting interest (because of frauds and corruption) can
affect implementations
• Technological issues, and lack of best practices regarding blockchain
cause uncertainty
• Cryptocurrency regulations (or the lack of regulations) can affect
target markets

30

9.2.3 How we plan to overcome the weaknesses
Lack of international
awareness

We are planning yearly 10-12 exhibition presence, 20 conference
attendances, and for the first 3 years, a lot of targeted B2B and
B2A marketing activities. We already exhibited on three trade
fairs and our experience shows that government and media
representatives are open to the topic of food safety, and accept
our practical arguments.

Lack of funds for expansion,
because our business model
needs 1-2 years for ROI

Our main goal with the token sale is to raise funds to finance the
international expansion of TE-FOOD. The funds will provide the
necessary liquidity to implement the systems in the PPP model.

Few existing sales channels in
the emerging countries

We will aggressively look for local and international partners to
find channels to the governments and supply chain participants.
We have convincing arguments, we just need to find the leads.

Distance between the
company leaders

The co-founders know each other for 20 years. Daily 5-6 calls,
personal meetings in every two months proved to be efficient to
work together.

9.3 Marketing and sales strategy
9.3.1 Market expansion
In most cases, food traceability is a buyer/authority driven market. According to this, the potential
target customers/partners list are (from the most important to less important):








Food safety authorities
Trade and export authorities
Food producer and export organisations
Retail chains
Food safety NGOs
Food producers
Other food supply chain participants

Drivers of traceability implementation
Governments





Improving food safety and public health
Improving exports – an important aspect if an important export target country (like China in
Southeast Asia) requires traceability when importing livestock and food products
Improving transparency in the food industry to fight grey markets, to gain more Value Added
tax in the long term
Mitigating multiple use of antibiotics

Professional organisations



Defending represented brands from counterfeiting
Improving exports
31

Food supply chain companies






Avoiding large scale recalls
Improving exports
Defending their brand from counterfeiting
Improving Public Relations through credibility
Avoiding redundant activities (e.g. double vaccination)

For both governmental and private implementation of TE-FOOD, we give priority to target countries:





which export to markets which require (or prefer) tracked livestock and fresh food
where those multinational companies are present, which are already our customers
where food fraud scandals get large publicity
where most of the food sector is dominated by small companies, which don’t have the funds
for expensive traceability solutions

Current status of market expansion
Our implementation in Vietnam got large publicity in the ASEAN region, and we had the opportunity
to participate in some exhibitions. As a result, we have ongoing negotiations with potential franchise
partners and representatives in:





Laos (Population: 7M)
Malaysia (Population: 32M)
Cambodia (Population: 16M)
South-Africa (Population: 55M)

There is a great chance that the next implementation will happen in one of these countries.

9.3.2 Local representation
Selling and implementing a traceability system is not possible without a strong and active presence on
the target market. We follow two roadmaps to acquire new markets:



Direct presence
Presence through a partner (franchise)

Regarding the most important target countries, where the government is committed to improve food
safety, and the size of the market requires huge efforts in the implementation, we will have direct
presence, through a daughter company, a local staff.
In other countries, and where we can acquire reliable and motivated partner company with strong
local networks, we will work along a franchise contract to represent TE-FOOD.

32

9.3.3 Increasing sales in our existing markets

Traceability
implementation

Food frauds get
unvelied

Tightened
regulations

Traceability
market
expansion

According to our experience, after implementing a traceability system, the number of food fraud cases
increases. This paradox happens because a well designed traceability system like TE-FOOD helps
authorities to notify fraudulent activities, which earlier went unnoticed.
When a food fraud scandal gets publicity, governments tend to tighten regulations, by broadening the
types of animals to be tracked, the territory of traceability, the obligation of traceability use, etc.
This gives us opportunities for market growth in countries in which we are already present. Our
product line is built (and planned) to help this process by providing synergistic tools for an improved
food quality control.
At the same time, larger retail chains value the PR advantages of traceability, and are at the forefront
of wide scale roll out after they already use it.
In practice, this means that even a pilot project in a narrow food segment or region can lead to a much
wider roll out within 1-3 years.

9.3.4 TE-FOOD is scalable
Implementing traceability systems is 40% technology, and 60% implementation methodology. Having
a scalable, modern software system is far from enough, a reliable, feasible implementation roadmap
is the key of success.
We implemented TE-FOOD at more than 6,000 companies, and trained over 10,000 people within one
year. To reinforce our international growth, we collected all of our experiences, potential problems
and threats, successful tactics and strategies to an implementation guidebook. This guidebook
provides a methodology which can be used and improved while implementing TE-FOOD in other
countries.
We will train our local representatives how to










help authorities in regulation, enforcement, sanctioning,
communicate the advantages of blockchain and tokenization to gain support,
analyze supply chain processes, and find the way to align them with TE-FOOD’s approach,
communicate and gain support from professional organisations, NGOs, and the local media,
realize successful pilot projects, which lead to program roll out,
organize and perform the trainings for thousands of companies,
organize and manage the logistics of identification tools,
monitor the commitment of supply chain companies, and act if there is a glitch,
fine tune built-in food safety alerting and forecasting mechanisms to get the best results.

Our technology, experience, and this practical guidebook are all keys to an internationally scalable
solution.

33

9.3.5 Sales model
Governmental implementation
Authorities or governmental organizations implement traceability for a group of companies. The scope
can be geographical, or industry category related (e.g. pig, fish). Participation can be voluntary or
mandatory.
For governmental implementations, our sales model is based on the PPP (Public-Private-Partnership)
model, which means






No implementation cost (except creating the feasibility study and customizations)
No training cost
Long-term contract
Identification tool and transactional costs
Optional consultancy and project management services

In this model, the organizer of the implementation is a government of a region or country, to which
TE-FOOD provides consultation on how to implement the system (legislation, enforcement,
communication, etc.). The implementation, training costs are covered by TE-FOOD.
In return of TE-FOOD’s active contribution, the parties sign a long term exclusive contract. The
customers of the system are the companies of the food supply chain. TE-FOOD provides identification
materials, software applications, optional hardware, and transaction storage for certain fees.
Steps of implementation:

34

Private implementation
In this model, private companies (e.g. farms, food producers, retail chains), or professional
organizations of the supply chain implement traceability for their (or their members') processes. They
may require from their suppliers to provide data to the system by using it, or interfacing to it.
For private implementations, as the potential traceability revenue is limited to the customer’s
operation capacity, we charge additional fees:





Training
Development – optional, in case of system integration, migration, customization
Consultancy – optional
Project management - optional

Steps of implementation:

35

9.4 Pricing strategy
9.4.1 Basics of TE-FOOD pricing
Pricing is based on




physical identification tools
o QR code/RFID based security seals/tags – to identify tracked items, lots, cases,
transports
o QR code based label stickers, paper bags – to identify food products in retail
transactions
o each smart contract entry and update on blockchain generates transactions

As our primary target markets are emerging countries, the cost effective pricing is the main goal. In
general practice, this means the total traceability cost of a tracked item can not be more than US$1.
Tracked item means:



In case of high price animals/items (e.g. pig, cattle, some fish, larger crabs) it’s one animal,
with all the meat/food products sourced to it
In case of medium price animals/items (poultry, fish, eggs, fruits, vegetables) it’s a lot/case of
animals/items, with all the meat/food products sourced to it.

For example, one pig has the following direct traceability costs attached (the exact numbers depend
on the operation structures):

2 security seals
(one on each rear
leg)

1/20th transport
security seal
(20 pigs in one
transport truck)

1/10th wholesale
package security
seal (pork from 10
animals in one
package)

~80 label
stickers/paper bags
for the pork meat

5-10 transaction
entries throughout
the supply chain
(depends on the
structure)

All these together can’t cost more than US$1.
Supply chain companies can either pre-pay or post-pay their transactions, depending on the
contractual structure.

9.5 Competition / alternatives
Since we could not find other solutions, which provide





farm-to-table traceability
focus on livestock and fresh food
focus on the requirements and the possibilities of emerging markets
integrate supply chain companies, consumers, and authorities as well,
36

so we lowered the barriers of comparison to the main characteristics.

9.5.1 Direct competitors
We consider those solutions as direct competitors which provide farm to fork food traceability,
regardless if they have a centralized or decentralized structure, and which provide tools for supply
chain companies and consumers as well.
Characteristics:
Provenance is a blockchain based general traceability solution, which
provides a mobile application to follow the products from farm to fork.
It seems they have a more generalist approach, by not customizing the
process for animal categories and roles in the supply chain, and it seems
they are focusing on the logistics side. They have some implementations
at private companies. However, we could not find their mobile app on
app stores, so maybe they don’t provide a general consumer app, but
white label apps under their customers’ name.
Comparison:
TE-FOOD has custom processes for each food categories, and supply
chain roles. TE-FOOD is open towards authorities as well. TE-FOOD
provides physical identification materials as well, connecting the physical
and digital sides at all stages.
Towards supply chain companies and consumers, we provide general
mobile apps to use in their processes. TE-FOOD also focuses on fair cost
sharing within the supply chain.
Characteristics:
Ambrosus will provide a general food and pharmaceutical traceability
platform on blockchain to track the history, and check the quality of food.
Their solution is still under development.
Comparison:
Ambrosus provides sensor hardware and blockchain protocol solution.
TE-FOOD provides B2B client applications as well.
TE-FOOD is focused on specific areas: livestock and fresh-food
traceability, and emerging countries as potential markets. While their
solution is planned to be operating with cutting edge technology, TEFOOD is probably more cost effective solution, which is important for
emerging countries.
TE-FOOD also focuses on fair cost sharing within the supply chain.
Read a deeper comparison

9.5.2 Indirect competitors
We consider those solutions as indirect competition, which provide food traceability for supply chain

37

Characteristics:
Wabi provides product genuineness verification combined with a retail
payment solution and loyalty system.
Wabi is a B2C solution for baby food products, cosmetics, alcohol,
pharmaneuticals.
Comparison:
TE-FOOD covers the whole chain from farm-to-table, providing tools for
supply chain companies, consumers, and autorities as well.
Read a deeper comparison

Characteristics:
FoodLogiQ provides whole chain traceability for food producers and
retailers / hospitality companies. They can integrate their suppliers and
follow the logistics and food control processes throughout the supply
chain. As far as we know, it’s a B2B solution, so consumers and authority
are not involved.
Comparison:
TE-FOOD’s solution also integrates consumers and authorities, as they
have specific purposes to access food supply data.
TE-FOOD covers custom processes for each food category and supply
chain role.
TE-FOOD focuses on fair cost sharing within the supply chain.
Characteristics:
HarvestMark tracks pre-packaged fruits and vegetables, and their main
focus is to provide information to consumers at the retail.
Comparison:
TE-FOOD covers the whole supply chain as a B2B, B2C, and B2A solution
in one.
Characteristics:
IBM’s planned Hyperledger based blockchain traceability solution for
WalMart seems to be more a general, logistical data based solution. As
far as we know, the solution is in development/piloting phase.
Comparison:
IBM provides only the blockchain protocol, while TE-FOOD is a top to
bottom solution with ledger, back office, and client apps. TE-FOOD’s
primary focus is livestock and fresh-food traceability, emerging countries
as potential markets, and beside logistics data, TE-FOOD focuses on food
quality data as well.
In this regard, IBM is not a competitor, but a potential partner.

38

9.5.3 Alternatives
Internal traceability
through logistics or ERP
systems

Characteristics:
A lot of supply chain companies (mostly in developed countries) track
their items within their premises. They know from whom they bought it,
and to whom they sold it. For a lot of companies, this information is
enough.
Comparison:
TE-FOOD’s solution provides a new level in traceability with the whole
chain approach.
These companies can be partners as well through interfacing their
solution to TE-FOOD to exchange logistical and food quality data.

Paper or Excel based
traceability

Characteristics:
In the emerging countries, a lot of food supply chain companies don’t use
modern technology to track and trace their items.
Comparison:
It’s not possible to mitigate the current drawbacks of the food industry
with these outdated technologies. The results which can be achieved by
TE-FOOD is superior to these solutions.

39

9.6 Roadmap
Q2, 2015

Start
Development of TE-FOOD started by TE Ltd., Vietnam, in cooperation
with Erba Ltd. Hungary.

Q2, 2016

Agreement
Agreement is reached with the government of Ho Chi Minh City to
implement TE-FOOD. Preparations of the implementation started
immediately.

Q4, 2016

Launch
TE-FOOD launched in 12.16.2016 for pig
and pork tracking in HCMC region.

Q2, 2017

Trainings
Training of chicken farms and egg
producers starts. In total, more than
10,000 people is trained.

Q3, 2017

Chicken and egg tracking starts
On 01.09.2017, chicken and egg
traceability started in 22 vietnamese
regions.
National livestock registry contract is
signed with the Ministry of Agriculture
in Vietnam, Livestock Production
Department.

40

Q4, 2017

National Livestock Registration system starts in
Vietnam
In the pilot phase, the system is used in 4 provinces in Vietnam to
regularly report about the status of the livestock.

Q1, 2018

TE-FOOD International is founded
TE-FOOD International Ltd. is founded. All TE-FOOD rights and
contracts are transfered to TE-FOOD International.

Q1, 2018

Tokenization of TE-FOOD launches
Token based operation of TE-FOOD starts before the Token Sale.

Q1, 2018

Token sale
TE-FOOD token sale starts in February, 2018.

Q2, 2018

Cattle tracking is launched
Cattle tracking will be implemented in TE-FOOD.

Q2, 2018

Fruits and vegetables tracking is launched
Tracking of fruits and vegetables will be implemented in TE-FOOD.

Q2, 2018

Market presence in two additional countries
TE-FOOD offices are established in 2 target countries.

Q3, 2018

Blockchain as a traceability ledger implemented in TEFOOD
Blockchain as a traceability transaction ledger is implemented in the
system.

41

Q3, 2018

Fish and seafood tracking is launched
Fish and seafood tracking will be implemented in TE-FOOD.

Q3, 2018

New developments are launched



Animal antibiotics traceability
AI based smart pandemic forecasting and alarm modules for
the National Livestock Registration system

Q4, 2018

Marketplace is launched
TE-FOOD Marketplace extends logistical and food safety data, with
trading possibilities with conditional smart contracting possibility.

Q1, 2019

Food safety sensor tools are ready
The sensor equipped tools log directly to blockchain, and contain
smart locks which can be opened only by specific users, and log their
status.

Q1, 2019

Extended farm management tools ready
Extending the existing functions (inventory, feeding, vaccination),
new modules are available, according to the G.A.P. standards.

Q2, 2019

Animal face recognition is ready
Identification tools are extended by a facial recognition system for
cattles. The R&D project starts in Q1, 2018.

Q2, 2019

Market presence in 4 countries
Two new TE-FOOD offices are opened in target countries.

42

9.7 Financial plan
To provide transparency in our future operations, we publish our financial plan for the next 5 years.
Please note, that the Business Plan is provided only for informational purposes, which can be changed
if the market conditions change.
In 2017, we have revenues around $350,000.

9.7.1 Gross profit
In US$.
Basic indicators

2018

Average number of employees

2019

2020

2021

2022

60

116

154

190

224

No. of countries with own local office

2

5

7

9

11

No. of countries with franchise sales

1

3

6

9

12

219 000 000

584 000 000

Number of transactions

Costs

2019

2020

2021

2022

400 000

1 000 000

1 200 000

1 100 000

1 000 000

Operational costs

1 053 800

930 900

1 174 200

1 322 000

1 453 600

Gross salaries

2 885 700

5 054 350

6 001 275

7 332 300

8 142 300

Total legal cost

155 000

87 500

117 500

120 000

120 000

Travels, exhibitions, conferences

450 000

600 000

624 000

624 000

624 000

Advertisement and marketing materials

712 000

516 000

234 000

258 000

258 000

Material costs

825 662

2 331 012

3 932 157

8 288 548

13 091 983

Total cost

6 482 162

10 519 762

13 283 132

19 044 848

24 689 883

Revenues

2018

2019

2020

Transaction fees + ID materials

2 476 985

6 404 580

8 895 250

16 736 755

26 740 490

0

411 919

2 030 854

5 690 223

8 774 822

Added service

68 357

172 429

368 286

792 000

1 349 214

Total revenue

2 545 342

6 988 927

11 294 390

23 218 978

36 864 526

-3 936 820

-3 530 835

-1 988 742

4 174 130

12 174 643

Supply chain donations

Franchise revenue

Gross profit without taxation

2018

949 000 000 1 314 000 000 1 679 000 000

43

2021

2022

9.7.2 Cash flow
The cash flow plan calculates with the Token sale revenue. 90% of the revenue is planned to be used
in Y1, while 10% remains to be used in Y2.
Please note that the plan doesn’t calculate with VAT.
In US$.
2018
Token sale revenue

2019

2020

2021

2022

14 400 000

1 600 000

Operational revenues

2 545 342

6 988 927

11 294 390

23 218 978

36 864 526

Costs (COGS+OPEX)

6 482 162

10 519 762

13 283 132

19 044 848

24 689 883

10 463 180

-3 530 835

-1 988 742

4 174 130

12 174 643

1 464 845
8 998 335

0
7 067 501

0
5 078 759

584 378
8 668 510

1 704 450
19 138 703

Gross profit
Corporate income tax
Cash balance

9.8 Partners

GS1
GS1
is a not-for-profit
organisation that develops and
maintains global standards for
business communication.
GS1 barcodes are scanned
more than six billion times
every day.
GS1 helps us to make TE-FOOD
comply with the GS1 standards
which are used all around the
world.

Unisto

Zalo

Unisto is a Switzerland based
international manufacturer of
security seals.
Unisto Malaysia manufactures
TE-FOOD’s high quality seals.

Zalo is a free message and call
mobile application. By 2017,
the number of Zalo users
reached 70 million.
TE-FOOD’s QR codes can be
read by the Zalo app, to view
the food history.

View proof of our partnerships

44

9.9 Why participate in TE-FOOD’s token sale?
1

2

3

Safety
You don’t have to wait for the development of the system and the tokenization. TEFOOD as a traceability solution is ready, and payment for transactions is tokenized.
You can use your token immediately.

Proven business model
90% of companies fail at the planning, development, and commercialization stages,
but TE-FOOD is past these stages. There is a market for the product, it’s working,
scalable, and the company makes profit. The next step for us is growth.

Solution to bring a better world
TE-FOOD is more than just business. For us, it’s a mission. We aim to expand the
social impacts of TE-FOOD to billions of people in emerging countries.

45

10. TOKEN SALE

10.1 Fact sheet
Token name

TFD

Token symbol

TFD

Type

ERC20

Utility of token

TFD represents the identity and information data of
tracked items. Supply chain members can pay with
tokens for transactional fees, and value added item
information. Consumers are paid for using the
Consumer mobile app and read food product QR
codes, and can buy quality analysis services.

Total token supply

1,000,000,000 TFD

Tokens for sale

512,000,000 TFD (51% of total)

List price of TE coin

1 TFD = $0,05

Token sale volume

$19,100,000

Token release

Tokens will be transferred during the public sale for
contributors with successful KYC process.
Tokens can be used in the TE-FOOD ecosystem
immediately after release.

46

10.2 Public sale
Start

22.02.2018

End

22.03.2018

Bonus

Bonus levels are based on time intervals:

Accepted payment options

1st week

15%

2nd week

12%

3rd week

10%

4th week

5%

ETH

10.3 Allocation of revenues
Detailing the allocation of revenues serves informational purposes only, and intended to ensure token
sale contributors that the company will be sustainable, and able to provide the services they buy for a
long term.

47

60%

Market expansion
Since TE-FOOD as a traceability solution is ready and working, we use most of the
revenues to acquire new markets. The sales and implementation of a whole-chain
traceability system requires a number of professionals to work together for 8-12
months.
Our primary markets are emerging countries, which represent 60% of the world's
population and 45% of its GDP. We already have ongoing negotiations with
potential customers and implementation partners in Cambodia, Malaysia, Laos,
and South-Africa.
According to the Financial Plan, the revenues cover the costs of expansion to
several additional countries. To separate operational costs of the HQ and local
companies in target countries, we counted all costs of local offices and teams to
this package.
Market expansion costs contain marketing, sales, and implementation costs as
well.
 Marketing: exhibitions, conferences, articles, targeted ads, marketing
materials
 Sales: business trips to partners and potential clients
 Implementation: local presence in target countries

48

25%

Research & development
We separate funds to realize our R&D roadmap with a wide spectrum of synergistic
tools for a modern supply chain. It contains all technical costs (e.g. server rental) and
salaries.
We calculated all technical costs (e.g. server rental) and salaries in this pool.

10%

Operations
Operational costs of the HQ to enable all professionals to focus on their tasks.
 Office rental
 Overhead
 Communications
 Bookkeeping
 Supporting personnel salaries

5%

Legal
To comply with the regulations, our operation needs continuous legal help from
professional lawyers.

10.3.1 Release of revenues
As a ready solution, TFDs are immediately usable after the token sale to buy services on TE-FOOD.
Therefore, token sale revenues are not held in multisignature escrow wallet, and immediately
accessible for TE-FOOD International.

49

10.4 Token distribution

51%

Token sale (public circulation)
51% of the tokens will be sold to the community during the public sale.

5%

Marketing pool
We remunerate the proof-of-care, bounty, marketing campaign participants and
partners with 5% of the tokens.
Lockout period: no lockout

44%

General reserve
We allocate 44% of the tokens to a general reserve.
Lockout period: Two years lockout by releasing 25% after the first year.
Unsold tokens will be put into the general reserve and will be sold on the TFD Market
or during a future token sale until Public token pool reaches 500 million tokens.

Legal Disclaimer / T&Cs
This document does not constitute a prospectus of offer document of any sort; and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment
scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. It is not a solicitation for investment and does not in any way pertain to an offering of securities in the
United States of America, US OFAC Sanction Countries and The People’s Republic of China, and citizens, persons domiciled in, or residents of countries the laws of which prohibit or conflict with the Token Sale
(as defined in the TE-FOOD whitepaper) are expressly excluded from contributing in exchange for any TE-FOOD Tokens in the Token Sale. This document constitutes a description of the TE-FOOD platform and
the functionality of the TE-FOOD tokens; it is for informational purposes only and may change as the TE-FOOD technology develops over time.
DISCLAIMER: This website is for information purposes only. TE-FOOD and all affiliated and related companies do not guarantee the accuracy of the conclusions reached on this website is provided “as is” with
no representations and warranties, express or implied, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement; (ii) that the contents
of this website are free from error or suitable for any purpose; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. All warranties are expressly disclaimed. TE-FOOD and its affiliates expressly disclaim
all liability for and damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained in this website, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will TE-FOOD,
or its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this website or any of the content contained herein.
Recipients are specifically notified as follows: No offer of securities: TE-FOOD Tokens (as described in the TE-FOOD whitepaper) is not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction.

50

