WHITEPAPER

The Problem

Individuals are losing trust in the media at a
more rapid rate now more than ever. Nearly
70% of people believe that news stories are
being planted by oppositional parties,
according to Statista. Perhaps even worse,
Statista also pointed out that more than 20%
of people selected that they "never" trust
online news sources, and an additional 20%
expressed that they "rarely" trust online
news sources.

With the level of consumer skepticism
toward the media, how can a relationship of
trust develop between a reader and a news
outlet? It is impossible to know which news
stories are authentic and which stories are
being fabricated to meet a hidden agenda. A
recent survey reported that only 43% of
males and 45% of females believed they
could accurately distinguish fake news from
real news.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

Fake news is problematic because it can lead
to the loss of finances, especially with digital
currency. News and information in the digital
currency space needs to be cleaned up so
that the industry as a whole can become
more trustworthy and gain higher valuation.

2

Mission

The Currency Analytics (TCAT) is on a mission
to eradicate fake news about digital currency.
We are reporting REAL News™ to provide a
trustworthy news source to the investor.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

3

What is The Currency Analytics (TCAT)?

TCAT is a Google-verified media platform and community comprised
exclusively of the latest stories from professional writers that value
ethical, authentic journalism.
We believe that good journalism comes from good journalists. The
digital media outlets of today allow payments for stories or publish
authors that are agents for businesses. Agents supplant stories with
a hidden agenda other than to write real news.
The TCAT media ecosystem is raising funds to build the first ethical
news platform for digital currency information. Platform participants
will be granted access to the circulation of the most current
cryptocurrency information available.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

4

The REAL News Protocol

Our community will provide stories, hire professional writers, verify facts, and rate writers. All of the news posted on
our platform must abide by a screening protocol called the "Reliable, Ethical, Attributive, and Lasting News Protocol"
(REAL News Protocol™). Our protocol is being constructed with industry-standard ethics in mind, such as the SPJ Code
of Ethics from the Society of Professional Journalists.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

5

Our Protocol Delivers News That is REAL
Real, Ethical, Attributive, and Lasting.
• Our real stories deliver accounts of observed phenomenon in the world,
not phenomenon that was created to meet a hidden agenda. In other
words, our news stories are based off of reports derived from real events.
Our mission is to provide the most objective, accurate information to
inform the investor.
• Our news stories are ethical because they are not retrieved or developed
through the use of bribing, payment, or favors. Our stories are also ethical
because they are not a part of smear campaigns developed by a
company's competitors. Our goal is to provide investors with a news
source that they can rely on.
• Our stories are attributive because the facts are checked and the sources
are authenticated.
• Our stories are lasting because they contribute to and create the larger
conversations within the digital currency information space.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

6

TCAT Token Information

There will be 400 million tokens issued.
1 TCAT = 0.1 USD
You can purchase TCAT if you want to buy ad space or publish news
on TheCurrencyAnalytics.com. TCAT can may be purchased directly
from TheCurrencyAnalytics.com with ETH/ BTC, as well as on other
major exchanges in the future.
TCAT is a cashback token. When purchasing TCAT on The Currency
Analytics platform, you will receive an amount of TCAT that is of a
comparable dollar-for-dollar value as the token you are paying with.
Once the total number of TCAT tokens are sold, then the network
will only accept TCAT as a form of payment.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

7

Bounty, Token Swaps, and Airdrops

Our bounty campaign and airdrops are designed to
grow the number of token holders. There are token
swap opportunities for a limited number of top ICOs.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

8

Revenue Sources

The advertising fees will be used to pay journalists a
fair wage for those stories and for site maintenance.
Businesses can also participate on the TCAT platform
by paying to promote a website. Since our platform is
already verified by Google News, the traffic will
continue to grow. Thus, your business will continue to
gain more exposure.

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

9

Our Team

Sydney Ifergan

Vladimir Mayakovsky

Cedric Morris

CEO

SALES MANAGER RU

HEAD OF SALES

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

10

Our Advisors

Ishmeet Singh

Lalit Bansal

Didi Taihuttu

Navdeep Garg

ADVISOR

ADVISOR

ADVISOR

ADVISOR

Alex Tudorache

Naviin Kapoor

Wapinter

ADVISOR

ADVISOR

Copyright © 2018 The Crypto Currency Analytics | All Rights Reserved.

Community
manager

Partners
11

https://www.americanpressinstitute.org/publications/reports/surveyresearch/paying-for-news/

References

https://www.politico.com/story/2018/04/02/poll-fake-news-494421
https://www-statista-com/statistics/620290/news-sourcestrustworthiness/

