WHITE PAPER

The Standard of Gold Exchange:
- The Start of an Exchange Market for Cryptocurrencies and Tangible Assets
WHITE PAPER
Mobile App / Web Monetization Platform
Draft Ver.1.0.7

© 2018 DGE. All Rights Reserved.

Table of Contents

Legal Notice

Abstract

Introduction
Vision
TMTG Project

Platform Structure
TMTG Token
DGE Platform Structure

DGE Ecosystem

Value Realization

Utility and Expandability

Transparency (Reliability) ))

Security Policy

Issuance of Tokens

Continuous Securement of Trade Stability

Legal Advice

Roadmap

Team

Legal Notice

We inform all participants of the following.

Information presented in this document do not indicate contractual obligations.
The purpose of the TMTG Project is to provide a convenient and beneficial platform information
to potential customers in the virtual currency market and existing customers who own TMTG
coins. Information offered by DGE henceforward shall allow customers to conduct sound trades
with TMTG in its early stages to advanced technical development stages.

This document is not designed to apply any administrative regulations or to protect customers
from overinvestment. However, we will do our utmost effort to abide by regulations of each region
and country. In regards to currently unregulated or controversial decisions, we shall put the
participants’ profits first. Information, calculations, and technical matters specified in this white
paper are to be protected as advance information.

Also, information on plans and results that have been disclosed to public are subject to
modification. Therefore, the results of the project are provided to participants, directly and
indirectly, to minimize their risk, but the actual result may be different from the projected results
described in the project plan.

The presales of TMTG coins is made possible through your voluntary participation.

Please review the project plan as prepared by DGE, and examine the possible requirements,
risks, and uncertainties.

In order to participate properly, you must agree to the Terms of Service Use.
Agreement to the Terms of Service Use and Provision and Guarantee of Personal Information
are required to participate in the presale. DGE does not take any responsibility for any incident
resulting from failure to agree to such conditions.

This is the end of the legal notice from DGE Co., Ltd. the developer of TMTG Project.

3

Abstract

Thanks to decentralization and distributed ledgers, forgery and falsification of virtual currencies
based on blockchain technology have been verified to be impossible. This offers an opportunity
to numerous people to realize a new world and a new ecosystem of asset trading.
However, two questions must be answered first.

Q. Are there any ecosystems or a services at present moment that enable full utilization
of virtual currency?

Q. If so, are such services abundantly available?

Currently, a core issue for participants in cryptocurrencies is that there is a lack of practical uses
or ecosystems that fully utilize virtual currency. Numerous blockchain projects now only focus
on decentralizing technology, speed, and so on, rather than on constructing an ecosystem that
actually creates significant values. This ultimately reveals the current limits that blockchainbased virtual currencies (cryptocurrencies) face.

TMTG Project aims to use blockchain technology to construct a satisfactory ecosystem that
provides actual values now and in the future. We also aim to focus on constructing an
ecosystem designed to exchange virtual currencies with fiat currencies and tangible goods,
rather than only focusing on decentralizing technology.

We will continue our research on ways to eliminate as many uncertainties as possible by
overcoming diverse technical limits to allow participants to enjoy the benefits of this ecosystem
safely and easily.

We will now proceed with explanation on ecosystem being built by TMTG, as well as the
visions, policies, and team members behind this project to realize of our goal.

4

Introduction: Our Vision
The emergence of blockchain technology with decentralized distributed ledger has led to the
introduction of virtual currencies with various purposes, along with platforms called ‘virtual
currency exchanges’, where such virtual currencies are purchased and traded.
Many are looking forward to a world built upon blockchain-based virtual currencies, and they are

investing real money to purchase these virtual currencies through virtual currency exchanges.
Although there is no doubt that blockchain will open up a new world, there is still a lack of virtual
currency that can offer real and tangible value.

Exchange volume of Bitcoin in 2018 in each fiat currency

other

- #3: KRW (Korea) 7.15%
- #4: EUR (EU) 3.55%
- #5: GBP (United Kingdom) 1.15%

[F.1] The exchange volume of Bitcoin in 2018 in each fiat currency / Source: Coinhills

In essence, virtual currencies must be able to provide useful values to their participants. TMTG

Project aims for a hyperconnected society and to construct an ecosystem that achieves
effective values of real things through decentralized block chain.
As the first step, TMTG Project will establish an ecosystem on which virtual currencies can be
directly traded with actual goods. This is the vision of the TMTG Project.

5

Introduction: TMTG Project

Background
Recently, around 3,000 kinds of virtual currency have been developed and launched, but only a
very small number of developers have managed to develop their currency’s use with proper
plans.

Each virtual currency has its own purposes, but the use is actually unclear.

We have contemplated how virtual currency could bring value to the everyday lives of many
people. As a result and solution to our deliberation, we focused on gold, a precious metal
used in everyday lives, with its value recognized worldwide as a monetary and property
asset.

This was the beginning of the TMTG Project.
Our aim is to establish a digital trade ecosystem that allows real tangible assets, such as gold,
to be easily traded with virtual currency in a digital environment. This ecosystem will be
constructed with a blockchain network.

Prospect of the Survival of Cryptocurrencies
in the Future
Coins Launched Worldwide: Approx. 3,000 types of coins

Chance of Coin Survival: 5%
 Only about 150 types of coins will remain in the market
[F.2] A prospect of cryptocurrencies in the future presented by experts

6

Introduction: TMTG Project
The core of TMTG Project is composed of three main elements.
A. TMTG Tokens
B. MDG Tokens
C. Digital Gold Exchange

A. TMTG Token
The virtual currency TMTG stands for “The Midas Touch Gold" and its concept is based on the
character of Midas from Greek Mythology.
TMTG coins will serve as the medium for maintaining and activating the DGE (Digital Gold
Exchange) ecosystem, which is to be constructed as a part of TMTG Project. This token is not
pegged to any tangible asset including gold, but only works as a means to purchase other

cryptocurrencies on the DGE platform.

TMTG tokens are utility tokens, not linked to any asset price, and are used only as a means of
purchasing virtual currency on the DGE platform.

B. MDG Token
MDG is a token only tradable on the DGE platform, with 1 MDG pegged to 1g of gold. MDG

token is representative of real gold, so the price of the token is determined by the price of gold at
the time of purchase. MDG Tokens can be purchased on the DGE Platform with TMTG Tokens.

C. DGE: Digital Gold Exchange
DGE stands for "Digital Gold Exchange" and it is an online exchange where TMTG tokens can
be used to purchase MDG Tokens (digital gold), which can be reimbursed to actual gold.
DGE can be accessed anywhere with online network to conduct trades or convert digital gold to
real gold.

DGE plays a pivotal role in the ecosystem to be built as a part of TMTG Project. It will be
designed to enable TMTG Tokens and other safe virtual currencies to be exchanged with real
goods as well. To achieve this, we will need technical expertise, and we must establish fairness,
transparency, and stability as our core values.

7

Platform Structure

TMTG is NOT a security

TMTG

MDG

•

TMTG is an utility token used for currency circulation on the DGE DEX platform.

•

MDG is pegged to actual gold, storing the value of gold as a token.

•

The DGE platform will start with gold, and eventually expand to handle other precious metals
such as diamonds, white gold, and platinum.

•

Any user with proper KYC verification can buy MDG using TMTG up to the amount specified
by rules and regulations.

8

Platform Structure

DGE is a Platform with Club Membership Service

TMTG token
deposit by million

125
100
75
50
25
0
A

B

C

D

Membership Level

DGE has entered an exclusive partnership with Korea Gold Exchange 3M, an offline gold
supplier to officially back the digital gold.
DGE Platform will be open to other suppliers of gold as well. For suppliers to join the DGE
Platform and obtain membership, they must deposit a certain amount of TMTG Tokens in
the DGE Vault (i.e. 10M TMTG). Membership levels shall be based on the deposit, and the
services and benefits will varying accordingly.

Membership
Level

Deposit

Service fee

Digital Asset

A

25M

4%

2

B

50M

3%

3

C

75M

2%

4

D

100M

1%

5
※ This figure is subject to change.

9

Platform Structure

DGE is a platform for CC / FC exchange
To increase flexibility and heighten responsiveness, DGE implements CC (Crypto-Crypto)
Exchange. The CC Exchange is built on the DEX platform for better security and
transparency. While conventional FC Exchanges (Fiat-Crypto) are generally built with the
traditional DB model, the DGE platform is based on DEX to construct its own FC Exchange.

New Frontier - PC exchange
DGE takes a step ahead of the cryptocurrency competition by establishing the first PC
(Product-Crypto) Exchange. While there are several factors and calculations that must be
considered in these exchanges, the complex math will be handled by DGE behind the
curtains, and the users only need to access the service to obtain their goods. Starting with
gold, the DGE PC exchange will continue to expand.

10

Platform Structure

About the Digital Gold Exchange Platform

The DGE Platform allows users to store and transfer their assets securely. Mutual trust and
reliability of the trade without an intermediary is made possible through its simultaneity.
The platform is designed to allow transfer of assets stored in a DB within the service to an
external DB and blockchain, allowing transfer between users and mediums.

This expansion of functionality is made possible through the Digital Gold Exchange which is a

dispersive platform for data exchange and creates conditions for fair trades in the gold trade
market.

The DGE platform uses TMTG tokens as an intermediary currency to standardize users’ asset
values. Anyone can trade gold fairly and safely with TMTG.

 The Core Concept
 Dispersed Asset Values
: By establishing an independent global asset ecosystem that enables trading of actual gold with
tokens, users are able to securely store and build their assets in a convenient trading
environment.
 P2P Trade

: Elimination of intermediary intervention enables users to trade directly with one another
quickly, safely, and at their desired values.
 Convenient Use All Over the World
: Although there will be a small fixed charge for transactions, you can safely exchange your
currency into real gold on DGE platform from any part of the world, including Korea and other
affiliated countries and regions.

11

Platform Structure

 Transactions at Official Market Price
: Gold and Token conversions and transactions can be made very quickly. Conversion rates are
based on official market prices of gold exchanges all over the world as well as the virtual
currency exchanges, not on statistical market prices. Trades are completed immediately with
accurate values for both parties. Authentication is required once in order to make trades to real
goods (gold).

 Conversions / Trade with Other Value Entities

: TMTG can also be transferred to and traded for mobile gift vouchers and gift cards affiliated
with the token.

 Smart Contract
: The DGE platform supports smart contracts, enabling users to access various forms of
transaction. A trade system with affiliated entities may be established or they may be used for
authentication or confirmation processes offline.

 Easy and Simple System
: The DGE platform does not use a difficult, complex trade system. You can see your own
assets being saved and calculated through intuitive, clear UI/UX design and can transfer and
trade them in a way similar to common internet payment systems. Focus was put on improving
access and usability for people in various age groups.

 Ubiquitous Service

: You can access DGE anywhere that has internet or Wi-Fi access and join the system
regardless of the user’s terminal model.

12

Platform Structure: TMTG Token

A. TMTG Token Specifications

Users can purchase TMTG tokens from virtual currency exchange. The purchased TMTG
tokens can then be used on the DGE Platform to purchase actual gold bars or digital gold,
or to trade with other users. The tokens can also be transferred to another user’s wallet.

Issuance term
Total issuance

10,000,000,000

ICO issuance

2,000,000,000

The number of tokens sold

2,000,000,000

Hard cap

ETH 40,000

Soft cap

ETH 10,000

Project protocol

ERC 20

Currency Accepted

ETH

[F.3] TMTG itemized account

TMTG tokens are the medium for maintaining and activating the ecosystem constructed
by DGE. The tokens can also be regarded as the power source for all systems connected

to DGE.

13

Platform Structure: Structure of DGE platform

B. Structure of the Circulation of DGE Platform

TMTG tokens are an absolute necessity for the smooth use of the platform.
We can restrict or control the amount of tokens being issued by adjusting the block time.

User
Purchase of
service

Purchase
Trade of assets

DGE

Sale of
TMTG

Virtual Money
Exchange

Purchase of
service

Purchase

User

[F.4] Structure of the circulation of DGE platform

Users of TMTG can conduct safe transactions according to their needs, roles, and
functions. Whenever a transaction is completed, the company collects a certain amount of
cash or TMTG as service fee in accordance with its policies and regulations.

14

DGE Ecosystem

Construction of DGE Ecosystem
DGE is a blockchain-based dispersive ecosystem on which various individuals and
companies can freely participate regardless of nationality.
We aim to provide equal information, access, and trade opportunities to all customers in
our market. We will also allow customers to control and manage their own information.

Financial
Services

Research
Support

Financial asset service

Research and
support

DGE
Ecosystem

Buy - Sell - Store

Payments

Purchase, sale, and
storage

Payment policy
Retail
Retail

[F.5] DGE Ecosystem

15

Technology Stack

DEX (Decentralized Exchange)
DGE Platform utilizes DEX (Decentralized Exchange), making a third party authentication
unnecessary. This allows more secure and faster virtual currency transactions.
1st Step: Sell TMTG to buy MDG
2nd Step: Send MDG to DGEx to reimburse to actual gold.
SELL TMTG – BUY MDG PROCESS
DEX (Decentralized Exchange)

1. Any TMTG coins you spend to purchase MDG
are burned to keep the DGE economy stable.

User A

2. Purchased MDG are newly issued (mintable) coins.
※ You can purchase MDG based on units of 10.
[i.e. 50 MDG, 100 MDG, etc.]

TMTG
1. SELL TMTG

DGEx

2. BUY MDG

MDG

SEND MDG – REIMBURSE TO GOLD PROCESS
DEX (Decentralized Exchange)

User A

1. KYC Authentication
3. Transaction confirmation

DGEx

TMTG

Gold Exchange

2. SEND MDG

4. REIMBURSE TO GOLD

1. Publicly reliable KYC services are used to manage a blacklist.
2. Users verified by KYC will be given the right to exchange MDG to Gold.
*The exchange amount of MDG and GOLD is controlled by the cash reserve and the internal policy of the company.

3. DGEx and Gold Exchanges confirm the exchanged amount of MDG.
4. User can pick up gold from selected store or request shipment of your gold.

[F.6] DEX

16

Technology Stack

Smart Contract
The smart contract structure of the Digital Gold Exchange is:
•

Token Info : TMTG Token (ERC 20) and MDG Token (ERC827)

•

TMTG Rule CONTRACT – EMO, EMS, Circuit Breaker, Blacklist / Whitelist

DEX (Decentralized Exchange)

Send Trigger

TMTG

Digital Gold
Exchange

Fire

Trigger

MDG
Send Fire
※ MDG : Digital Gold

Rule Contract
Exchange Contract

[F.7] DEX Smart Contract

17

Technology Stack

External Reference – Oracle (Oraclize)
As blockchain is a closed system, data movement within the system is safe and free.
However, when referencing external data, it becomes a single point of failure (SPF) and
causes a fatal dependency.

In the case of digital gold exchanges, exchange rate information can only be acquired
from external parties. In such cases, the integrity of the trustless system is guaranteed
through Oracle queries.

Oraclize Callback with rate
P2P Transaction
Oracle query
Trigger includes rate by Oraclize

TMTG

MDG
Fire

※ MDG: Digital Gold

DEX (Decentralized Exchange)

Oraclize Callback with rate

Oracle query

Send Trigger

TMTG
Fire

Trigger includes rate by
Oraclize

Digital Gold
Exchange

MDG
Send Fire
※ MDG: Digital Gold

[F.8] DEX Oraclize

18

Technology Stack

Mainnet

Ethereum, also called Blockchain 2.0, is a smart contract with Turing Integrity added to
bitcoin stack languages. This upgrade has expanded the world of blockchain usability
exponentially. Currently, Ethereum has unrivaled market penetration and usability, with its

only flaws being the PoW's waste of computing resources and scalability (a low TPS of
about 20) issues. In order to solve these two problems, Ethereum is studying various active
solutions such as PoS, sharding, and plasma off-chain. To this end, DGE is doing its best
to reduce time to market (TTM) and providing value to users by riding on the shoulder of
the giant named Ethereum.
However, once dApp and smart contracts have been developed and stabilized on the
Ethereum mainnet, beta testing for mainnet will take place for DGE which implements
DGE's self-developed sidechain and distributed weighted voting capability. We will evaluate
various possibilities to reduce reliance on Ethereum by examining the outcome of the
results to realize transactions with high TPS value.

DEX (Decentralized Exchange)
User A

DGE or User B

Send Trigger

Digital Gold
Exchange

Trigger

Fire

dApp

Send Fire

MDG

TMTG

※ MDG: Digital Gold

Sidechain for accepting all cryptos
Plasma-wise fastest off-chain for transaction

[F.9] Mainnet

19

Technology Stack

PoO (Proof of Ownership)

For a holder of digital gold tokens to exchange them to actual gold at an offline gold
exchange, the holder must prove that he is the sole owner of the digital gold. DGE now
allows you to implement a modified mnemonic signature in your app to facilitate proof

of ownership on your smartphone.

[F.10] PoO for Digital Gold

20

Value Realization

A. Realization of Practicality of Virtual Money
The TMTG Project will develop an ecosystem that allows trade between virtual currency and
actual goods. In this system, all participants will be given the opportunity to make reliable and
practical transactions.
Here is how the system works:

 Working with reliable companies
 Real-time sharing of information of trade / market price all over the world
 Realization of global transactions by constructing a hyper-connected platform
 Assurance of fairness and transparency of all transactions and contracts

B. Values of TMTG tokens as an investment
Establishing a globally hyperconnected level of trade volume drastically reduces purchasing
cost compared to that of conventional market. Furthermore, DGE has finalized an affiliation
agreement to provide gold at wholesale price, instead of retail price.

Compared to offline transactions, digital transactions save time and effort. For these reasons,
TMTG creates an investment opportunity, with its potential to gain its prowess in the virtual
currency market as its value is expected to increase continuously.

21

Utility and Expandability

A. Primary Partnership Agreement Finalized
The TMTG Project has entered partnership agreements with established companies
to begin its implementation of a versatile and reliable ecosystem.

Ⅰ. Korea Gold Exchange Co., Ltd.

 DGE has signed an exclusive gold supply agreement with Korea Gold Exchange
3M on February 15, 2018.
 Korea Gold Exchage 3M has No.1 share in Korean gold trade market.
 Daily average trade volume of 600kg (150t ~ 160t annually, around 2 trillion KRW)
 EMS Delivery service available upon online request.

22

Utility and Expandability
Ⅱ. Happy Money Co., Ltd.

 DGE has entered into agreement with Happy Money Co., Ltd, on March 14, 2018.

 TMTG can be exchanged to Happy Money gift certificates, which are accepted by
over 500 brands in Korea.
 TMTG’s convertibility with Happy Money Gift Certificates maximizes the token’s
usability in daily life (About 500 brands of book stores, restaurants, cinemas,
games, online content, music records, coffee shops, etc. accept Happy Money as
a form of payment.)

B. Additional Expandability
TMTG Project already has acquired major participants, and the number will continue
to increase. Anyone who share our vision are always welcome to participate as a
partner. In addition, we will construct an environment where data can be exchanged
and the standards of information exchange can be discussed. This will help us fulfill
various purposes and needs so that all participants with benefit from the ecosystem.
23

Transparency (Reliability)

A. Internal Control
After TMTG coin is listed on exchanges, major stockholders and associated personnel
are prohibited to make excessive sales to protect general investors’ profit. This is made
possible through a smart contract system that prevents sale of over 30% of the total coins

for 1 year. (Safeguard on 70% of deposit)

B. Mandatory Disclosure
Ⅰ. Quarterly Disclosure of a Deposit-Reserve Ratio

When trading TMTG coins for gold, DGE first confirms that MDG coins are valid, then
provides a code that allows the user to quickly receive gold through the Korean Gold
Exchange. In order to facilitate the gold exchange, 10% of all distributed coins shall be
secured and maintained as cash in the form of a reserve fund. The deposit-reserve ratio
will be disclosed mandatorily on the DGE website through quarterly audits.
Ⅱ. Disclosure of Audit Reports, Settlement Reports, and Annual Business Plan (By
March 30 of Each Year)

24

Transparency (Reliability)

C. Compliance
Ⅰ. KYC Authentication Procedure
We strictly adhere to the transparency of gold exchange and prevent money laundering
through KYC authentication. Only individuals whose identity and residence are verified
can trade digital and actual gold on the DGE gold exchange. Those who have been
verified will be able to increase their trade volume by stages. The verified individuals can
also buy and sell digital gold with one another through P2P trade.

Enter
personal info

Check proof
of ID

Complete
verification

[F.11] DGE KYC verification procedure

The following information may be requested to complete the procedure above.

1. First name and last name
2. Email address
3. ETH wallet address
4. The desired quantity of digital gold to purchase
5. A photo of your official identification issued by a government agency (i.e. passport,
resident registration) and a photo of yourself holding the identification. Your face
must be clearly recognizable in the photo.

25

Transparency (Reliability)

Ⅱ. Gray Flag: Verification Procedure for Exchange

1. All TMTG coins owned by users whose identities have not been verified are marked with
gray flag. Coins with gray flags can be freely traded, and are not subject to any

disadvantages, but they cannot be used to purchase MDG or convert to actual gold on the
DGE gold exchange.

2. For volume purchase of coins that exceed the reserve fund will be marked with gray flags.
This does not mean that the coins are in any way restricted, but only indicates the flexibility of
digital gold. DGE always maintains reserve funds at a fixed rate of the supply. In case of a
sudden increase in demand, DGE restores the reserve immediately through block deals,
OTC trades, and etc. Such restoring may cause delays in order to optimize Nash Equilibrium.

Ⅲ. Red Flag: Monitoring of Illegal Transactions
Red Flags are given to coins in accounts associated with hacking or theft through the
monitoring of illegal transactions. In the event of hacking TMTG coins in the relevant
accounts cannot be traded and the accounts will also be locked. Until the disputes are
settled, TMTG coins and MDG tokens are prohibited from all trades, including P2P trade and
conversion to actual gold. This process minimizes damage to good-willed users by preventing
malicious ones from making unfair profits and also contributes to the value of the entire
platform.

26

Transparency (Reliability)

Ⅳ. Monitoring the Flow of Coins for Risk Management
One of the advantages (or disadvantages) of blockchain is that every transaction is
made public. Although anonymous, the transparency of transactions makes it easy to
track the usage and hacking (theft or sociotechnological hacking). DGE implements a

control tower that monitors the entire flow of coin transactions to offer insights on
preventing malicious trades and provide statistical data on coin use. Disclosure of
Information may by restricted.

[F.12] DGE Tracking and surveillance screen

27

Security Policy

Ⅴ. DGE Circuit Breaker
The variability of virtual currency is as dynamic as the future of blockchain. Although DGE is
prepared to absorb impact from the market caused by various factors, it may face unexpected
heavy increases in trade volume due to the multiplier effect on demand as a result of its focus

on safety and reliability.

In such situations, DGE can trigger a circuit breaker as a safety device to protect the stability
of the market and its coin owners. The conditions for triggering this circuit breaker are
registered in a smart contract to prevent misuse.

[F.13] DGE Circuit Breaker monitoring screen

28

Security Policy

VI. EMS & EMO
The flow of the market and transformation of technology always exceed the expectations
of the initial designers. Accordingly, EMS (Emergency Stop) and EMO (Emergency Off)
functions shall be implemented in a smart contract in order to be fully prepared for initial

responses to emergency situations. Since these functions are operated manually,
MultiSig is applied in order to prevent certain individuals from controlling it arbitrarily
while also requiring approval by a lawyer or legal advisor for operation.

DGE

EMO

EMS

node

node
( Rep.1)

node
(Rep.2 )

[F.14] DGE EMO / EMS image

29

Issuance of Tokens

Strategy for the Distribution of Tokens
Ⅰ. Allotment of Tokens
Allotment of tokens will occur per the chart below.

Company Reserve (55%)
Stockholders (9%)
Marketing (10%)
Development Team (6%, 4%)
Private Sale (15.4%)
ICO (0.6%)
0

10
Addition

20

30

40

50

60

Percentage

[F.15] Breakdown on the allotment of TMTG tokens

Plan for Fund Use

30 %

60 %

⊙ Development expenses

Reserve Fund %

10 %
Liquidity

⊙Security System Construction
⊙Control Tower System Construction
⊙Marketing

[F.16] Plan for the management of TMTG tokens

30

Issuance of Tokens

Ⅱ. Token Sale Schedule Breakdown
Our token sale has taken place in three stages, and each sale has been completed
according to schedule.

Tokens Issued
Stage

1st Presale

10,000,000,000
2nd Presale

3rd Presale

Date of sale

May 18, 2018

June 5, 2018

June 20, 2018

Means of participation

ETH / ADA

ETH / ADA

ETH / ADA

Participant

Investors

Strategic partners

Locking period

–

–

Individuals verified by
KYC
-

[P.17] Presale may close earlier if target amounts are achieved

Ⅲ. Token Provision
TMTG tokens are not obtainable through mining. TMTG can be purchased through the
virtual currency exchanges.

31

Continuous Securement of Trade Stability

Stability of Transactions of Virtual Currency and Actual Goods

1. Development of an AI trading system
: Implementation and improvement of the robo-advisor algorithm utilized by the financial industry

2. Recruitment of professional securities traders
: Ensure the stability of transactions by hiring number of traders for block deals and other
professional transactions

3. Agreement finalized for affiliation and collaboration with a domestic roboadvisor solution company

32

Legal Advice

- Completed Legal Review / Attorney’s Opinion Attached

[F.18] An excerpt from the Legal Opinion on the project

33

Road-Map

Product Road-Map

2017. OCT.
Market research /
Search for affiliates /
Token Development
Preparation Stage

2017. NOV.
Additional TMTG Project
Development Staff
Recruitment /
Expand Organized Team

2018. Jan.
Completed
TMTG Production

2018. AUG

2018. AUG.

CoinSuper

IDCM

Opening

Opening

Official ICO START

(8/16)

(8/1)

(7/10 – 7/25)

2018. AUG .

2018. SEP.

Coinbene

2018. JUL .

2018. MAY.
Audits/Consulting/
Pen Testing to Check
Risks and Hacking
Preparedness

2018. FEB.
Simulation
for TMTG
Security Checks

2018. JUN.

2018. JUN.

2018. MAY.

3rd

2nd

1st Pre Sale

Pre Sale

Pre Sale

(6/20)

(6/5)

(5/18)

2018. SEP.

2018. SEP.

2018. NOV.

2018. NOV.

Tideal

Coinzip

BitForex

Simex

Bithumb

Opening

Opening

Opening

Opening

Opening

Opening

(8/31)

(9/5)

(9/16)

(9/20)

(11/18)

(11/22)

2020. APR.

2019. JAN.

2019. JAN.

2019. JAN.

2018. DEC.

Foblgate

F coin

Opening

Opening

Opening

(4/28)

(1/30)

(1/8)

2019. JAN.

Digifinex Opened COINZEUS Open Digital Gold

& Listed TMTG

2020. MAY

2020. MAY

2020. JUN.

2020. JUN.

Coinone

Bithumb Global

OKEX

DragonEx

Opening

Opening

Opening

Opening

(5/28)

(5/29)

(6/24)

(6/30)

Nexex

Exchange Platform Opening
(1/1)

(12/7)

2022. TBA.
2022. TBA.
Start Application
Main Net
Begin trade on
of Side Chain
Luxury goods (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Test Start
EOS, Cardano
(scheduled)
(Scheduled)
(Scheduled))
2022. TBA

34

Young-han Lee
CEO
•
•
•
•
•

Business Administration at Montclair State University
Industrial & Information Systems Engineering at SEOULTECH
Disney Co.(USA)
Bio Engineering Marketing at SK Chemicals
China Telecom (中国电信)

Richard Lee
Head Manager
•
•
•
•

M.A. in Financial Engineering at Yonsei Graduate School of Economics
Asset Management Team at Hana Futures Co., Ltd.
Asset Management Team at Hana Financial Investment Co., Ltd.
Strategic Business Team at Hanwha Investments & Securities Co., Ltd.

Joshua Lee
CTO
• CEO of Bitwide Co., Ltd.
• CEO of Ntozsoft Co., Ltd.
• Director of Dearlab Co., Ltd.

Byeong-uk Park
Blockchain Developer / Security Management
• TMTG/LBXC develop

Sunghee Noh
Crypto Planning Team Manager
• Currently involved in planning various projects at DGE
• Managed advanced IT convergence game projects at
KOCCA(The Korea Creative Content Agency)
• Managed convergence smart content projects at NIPA(National
IT Industry Promotion Agency of Korea)

Kwang-soo. Kim
Lead Block chain Developer
•
•
•
•

Developed an e-commerce platform in U.S.A.
Developed a monitoring system in Korea
Developed T-Pay, L-Point/L-Pay improvement projects in Korea
Currently plays a role in monitoring system and transaction as a
leader of technology development team at Digital Gold Exchange

Dae-young. Lee
Client Programer & App Developer
• took in charge of a multiple number of development projects on web
board game
• Currently plays a role in developing client app program and TMTG
PoO app

Choi Seong Uk (ZEUS)
Project Manager
• Manages overall development of COINZEUS
• Developed HFT-DMA algorithm trading system for
stock companies.
• CEO of Cowincomfunny Co.

Ham Yong Gil (ZEUS)
Development Team Manager
• In charge of backend development of COINZEUS
• Developed Healthcare Embedded Core and various
stock company softwares.
• CTO of Cowincomfunny Co.

Kim Phil Jong (ZEUS)
Frontend Developer
• In charge of frontend development of COINZEUS
• Developed solar photovoltaic power station system and
various stock company softwares.
• CEO of ENFactory

Choi Nam Kyu (ZEUS)
Engineer

• In charge of frontend development of COINZEUS
• Developed Healthcare Embedded Core and various
stock company softwares

Yu-mi Oh (DGE)
Web Designer
• Specializes in website design for fintech businesses
• Experiences in token branding and interface design for
cryptocurrency exchanges and apps
• Web UI/UX design

Ahreum Han
Crypto Planning Team Assistant Manager
• Currently in charge of English translation at DGE
• Experience in publication and international business

Xian Li
Crypto Planning Team Assistant Manager
• Currently in charge of Japanese translation at DGE
• Former member of Business Planning Team at
Toyota-Boshoku Shanghai. BA in Business Administration,
Tezukayama Univ. Japan

Park Jong Hee
Blockchain Developer / Security Management
• In charge of system security of COINZEUS
• CTO of Tokyo Branch Inc., CEO of DPLIO
Expertise in system security and full stack development

Hoon Baik
Director of Hoon Creative
• Responsible for graphic design and marketing production of
DGE
• Handled various design projects for global companies including
Jim Beam Chicago HQ, Triumph Motorcycle UK, Publicis One,
and Philip Morris
• Implemented branding for Genesis of Hyundai Motors

Youngsuk Hwang
Former Vice-President at IBK
• Held the position of the head of the Loan Management Group
(vice-president) at Industrial Bank of Korea

Sato Yoshihiro
Advisor
• CEO of BITMALL KOREA
• invested in crypto currency funds before anyone else in Japan
• stockholder of Cardano (ADA coins) which is a company that
sold ADA coins for the first time in the world
• He is also the owner of JPYCASH

Nitesh Thakur
Marketing Advisor

DIGITAL GOLD EXCHANGE
Mobile App / Web Monetization Platform

Thank you
2018 DGE. All Rights Reserved.

