Public Chain for Digital Asset
Escrow
Decentralized “PayPal”

Whitepaper
2018/03 v3
https://themis.network

1.

OVERVIEW .............................................................................................................. 1

2.

FAIR EXCHANGE IN DIGITAL COMMERCE ....................................................... 4
2.1 TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN DIFFERENT DIGITAL CURRENCIES ......................................... 4
2.2 TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN DIGITAL CURRENCY AND PHYSICAL GOODS ........................ 5
2.3 DESIGN OBJECTIVES OF THEMIS .................................................................................... 6

3.

ARCHITECTURE OF THEMIS ................................................................................ 8
3.1 THEMIS BLOCKCHAIN ..................................................................................................... 8
3.2 GROUP ESCROW SERVICE PROTOCOL ......................................................................... 10
3.3 DISPUTES SETTLEMENT ................................................................................................. 12
3.4 STRATEGY OF ELECTION ............................................................................................... 13
3.5 SECURITY DESIGN ......................................................................................................... 14
3.6 TYPICAL WORKFLOW .................................................................................................... 15
3.7 THEMIS WALLET ............................................................................................................ 18

4.

KEY TECHNOLOGIES .......................................................................................... 20
4.1 FAIR EXCHANGE VIA GROUP ESCROW ......................................................................... 20
4.2 ANONYMOUS REPUTATION MECHANISM BASED ON VERIFIABLE SHUFFLES AND
LINKABLE RING SIGNATURES ............................................................................................... 21
4.3 NON-INTERACTIVE ZERO KNOWLEDGE PROOF ............................................................ 23
4.4 DIGITAL SIGNATURE ALGORITHM WITH HIGH-CONCURRENCY VERIFICATION ABILITY . 25

5.

SCENARIOS .......................................................................................................... 27
5.1 PEER-TO-PEER ESCROW PAYMENTS ............................................................................. 27
5.2 DIGITAL CURRENCIES EXCHANGE ................................................................................ 28
5.3 ACCOUNTS SUPERVISING AND SECURITY ESCROW ...................................................... 29
5.4 MULTI-AGENT ASSETS ESCROW ................................................................................... 30

6.

ROADMAP ............................................................................................................ 32

I

1. Overview
Blockchain-based digital currencies are of radical importance in
today's trading activities. As a result, a number of digital currency
exchanges were founded and their usage is exploding. At the same
time with the rise of a tokenized economy, more and more countries
such as Japan, Germany, and Australia, are accepting
cryptocurrency payments. There is huge potential that the market
will continue to expand globally and accept the commercialization of
digital currency.

Figure1.1

Trend of cryptocurrencies

Currently, most digital currency exchanges and peer-to-peer
transaction providers focus on ensuring the security of transactions
but pay little attention to fairness. For example, HTLC (Hashed
Time-lock Contract), a widely-used atomic exchange technology, is
vulnerable to denial of service (DoS) attacks. Attackers may launch
DoS attacks in the period of time-lock to make the counterparty
unable to obtain a refund in a specific time.

THEMIS

1

Figure1.2 Requirements Analysis

Meanwhile, during the process of trading between the digital
currency and goods, buyers prefer paying to the seller after the
goods are received, whereas the seller has an opposite preference
in mind. This situation means the transaction and delivery are
unable to take place at the same precise time, it can be difficult to
achieve atomic exchange with the guaranteed fairness. A common
solution is resorting to a trusted third-party to achieve fairness,
however, this solution is not entirely satisfactory due to previous
failures. There have been several Bitcoin exchanges and online
markets (such as Mt.Gox, Coincheck) attacked by hackers. For
decades, fair exchange protocols have been extensively studied.
However, the recent emergence of blockchain takes fair exchange
protocols to a renaissance.

THEMIS

2

Figure 1.3

Trusted Third Parties

We developed Themis 1 , a fair exchange system for digital
currencies. Based on blockchain technology, Themis provides a
decentralized digital currency escrow service to provide fair
exchange services among digital currencies, digital assets, and
physical goods. Themis leverages a novel group escrow protocol,
along with threshold encryption, anonymous reputation
mechanisms, non-interactive zero-knowledge proof, high
performance digital signature algorithms, in order to provide atomic
exchange with guaranteed fairness. Also, Themis is able to mitigate
DoS attacks, and provide privacy for all peers.

1

Themis is the most respected and trusted wife of Zeus's. As the goddess of law and justice, she is the creator and
guardian of order.
THEMIS

3

2. Fair Exchange in Digital
Commerce
Fairly exchanging digital content is an everyday problem. A fair
exchange scenario commonly involves actors Alice and Bob. Alice
has something that Bob wants, and Bob has something that Alice
wants. A fair exchange protocol guarantees that at the end either
one of them obtains what (s)he wants, or neither of them does. In
digital commerce, it is a requirement to include fair exchange since
one or both of the parties are using digital currencies as subject
matter. For example, transactions between different digital
currencies, or transactions between digital currencies and physical
goods.

2.1 Transactions Between Different Digital
Currencies
Traditionally, transactions between digital currencies are
executed on cryptocurrency exchanges. Exchanges achieve this by
creating internal accounts, which are also called IOU (I Owe You)
accounts. In this mode, it’s easy to achieve high transaction speed,
however with the following issues; security, lack of liquidity, time lag
of transactions. Regarding the transaction time lag, transaction
results aren’t submitted on the blockchain in a timely manner, and
result in not being recorded immediately.
The model of decentralised exchanges was built to address the
inherent issues of centralised exchanges. Most of decentralized
exchanges are based on the Multi-Signature Scheme or Hashed
Time-lock Contract (HTLC) to ensure atomic transactions. However,
Multi-Signature Schemes depends on the Trusted Third Party(TTP)
THEMIS

4

which are vulnerable to collision attacks and DoS attacks. For the
HTLC scheme, attackers may launch DoS attacks which could
result in users being unable to make refunds in a given moment.

2.2 Transactions Between Digital Currency and
Physical Goods
Current centralized coin exchanges and decentralized coin
exchanges are focusing on transactions between digital currencies,
but paying little attention to satisfy the requirements of fair
exchanges between digital currencies and physical goods.
During the transaction between digital currencies and physical
goods, it’s hard to achieve transaction and delivery at the same time,
thus the fairness of atomic exchanges face a challenge: a buyer
doesn't want to pay without assurance that the seller will ship the
purchased goods, while a seller doesn't want to ship without
assurance of that payment. Traditionally, a trusted third party is
required for hosting transaction funds and arbitration, and during the
period between transaction and delivery, the third-party needs to
host buyers’ transaction funds to satisfy fairness. One common
solution of third-party payment is using the 2-of-3 multi-signature. In
this scheme, each buyer, seller and third-party holds a private key.
A buyer sends his money to a multi-signature address, so only the
party that has 2 private keys of these 3 can unlock the address and
get the money. If things go well, the buyer will send his private key
to seller, and seller will get the money. If any dispute arises, the
third-party will mediate, resolve the dispute, and send his key to the
winning party to finish the payment (or refund). There are two
advantages of this escrow protocol. Firstly, if there is no dispute,
buyers and sellers can close the transaction without the consent of
the third party. Secondly, the third-party cannot take the hosted
funds because the third-party only has his own key, the hosted funds
can only be taken with at least 2 keys of the 3 parties. But this
THEMIS

5

protocol faces two critical problems. Firstly, collusion attacks. The
hosting party can easily contact the specific buyer or seller for
collusion unless the escrow protocol is meticulously designed.
Secondly, DoS attacks. Even though the third-parties can’t take the
hosted funds, they can also refuse arbitrating disputes, and lock the
hosted funds.

2.3 Design Objectives of Themis
Themis is a decentralized system which provides third-party
escrow services and dispute resolution services to bring fairness to
exchanges in which one or both parties are using digital currencies
as subject matter. Technically, Themis should satisfy following
requirements.

Figure2.1

Objectives of Themis

Fairness: After exchange, either both seller and buyer can
obtain all the goods (digital currencies, digital assets, physical
goods) they want, or they can obtain nothing (All-or-nothing);
Security: None of the parities can transfer the digital funds
during the period of exchange;
Passivity: If no dispute arises, there is no need for the thirdparty to take part;
THEMIS

6

Correctness: Ensure transactions and settlement of disputes
are executed by the protocol agreed in advance;
Dependability: Mitigate single point failure and DoS attacks;
Privacy: In case of no disputes, the third-party can’t be aware
of if the transaction completes, and only related parties can be
aware of if disputes arise.

THEMIS

7

3. Architecture of Themis
3.1 Themis Blockchain
The Themis blockchain (aka. Themischain) is designed to
provide a third-party escrow service (like the role that Alipay plays
in online shopping). Themischain issues a token named Global
Escrow Token (GET). Themischain motivates the blockchain peers
by using an incentive mechanism which takes both deposit and
reputation into consideration. Peers who take active part in escrow
and arbitration will obtain a reward. When people use escrow
services and arbitration services provided by Themischain peers,
they pay GETs to the peers. And, if Themischain peers participate
in arbitration, they earn GETs as well. Themis makes peer-to-peer
fair exchange happen not only among digital currencies but also
between digital assets and physical assets by escrow contract and
arbitration contract.

Figure3.1

Architecture of Themis

THEMIS

8

DPoSR Consensus. We improve the current DPoS (Delegated
Proof-of-Stake) algorithm, and present a new consensus algorithm
namely DPoSR (Deposit based Proof of Stake and Reputation). In
DPoSR, we consider two key factors: the reputation of dispute
settling peers; and deposit of peers. If a peer wants to act as a
delegate, he must pay a deposit in advance, and the probability of
being a delegate depends on its deposit and reputation.
Deposit Mechanism. If one peer wants to be a delegate, he or
she must pay some deposit in advance. If this peer acts maliciously,
the deposit will be confiscated by Themischain. A delegate will get
rewarded for keeping the system running, that means he or she can
share the transaction fee with other delegates. This forms a positive
incentive to the peer, encourages it to behave well to keep the
system running securely. As the blocks are signed by delegates in
turn, if one delegate misses the signature by being offline, it will face
the risk of being replaced by others. This encourages delegates to
ensure they have enough online time for profits.
Escrow Peer Motivation Mechanism. If escrow peers provide
the secret shares generated by Shamir-secret sharing protocol
correctly, they will get reward according to the deposit they paid; Or
if they are offline or lost the secret shares, they won’t get any reward.
If they provide manipulated or wrong information of secret shares,
they will lose their rights as escrow peers. Thus, this mechanism will
motivate peers providing correct secret shares, keeping online and
storing their shares securely.
Reputation Management Mechanism. On one hand, peers in
Themischain participate in dispute resolution, and give some
arbitration suggestions. On the other hand, they give anonymous
comments to the solutions other users gave for disputes
continuously. Here on, we will create a practical anonymous
THEMIS

9

reputation mechanism, and it can update the value of reputation
among users rapidly and privately. The reputation system will collect
each user’s feedback of arbitration suggestion correctly, and update
the reputation value rapidly. And the value affects the possibility of
being a delegate, that means if you have a higher level of reputation
value, you are more likely to become a delegate.
Common peers motivation mechanism. Only the peers that
have enough equities in Themis can have the opportunity to be the
escrow peers, and the other peers are named common peers.
Common peers can’t participate in the process of escrow, however,
they can transfer their equities to the trusted escrow peers, and the
trusted peers will verify the fee they will earn from transaction, and
pay back to the common peers by quota. If the escrow peers got
punished, the common peers related to them will bear the loss too.
This mechanism ensures that all the owners of equities on the
Themis chain have the opportunity to receive rewards, and that
motivates common peers entrust their equities to trusted escrow
peers, and this way, we can improve the stability and security of
Themis.

3.2 Group Escrow Service Protocol
In the protocol, Alice and Bob generate a 2-of-2 shared
threshold address as their escrow account address, Alice has her
private key 𝑥" ，Bob has his private key 𝑥$ ，and according to the
Thresh-Key-Gen protocol，both parties learn 𝑦" = 𝑔 () and 𝑦$ =
𝑔 (* and the shared public key is：𝑦 = 𝑔 () +(* 。Only if Alice or Bob
has both 𝑥 " and 𝑥$ , he can unlock the public account.
Alice and Bob send escrow request on blockchain, and then
they we accept response from several（odd）mediators. Then Alice
THEMIS

10

and Bob interact with mediators, and create a Shamir-secret
sharing 𝑃- of 𝑥" and 𝑥$ . If there are 𝑛 = 2𝑡 + 1 mediators, 𝑡 + 1
secret shares of mediators is sufficient to recover the secret of 𝑥"
and 𝑥$ .
Using each mediator’s public key, Alice and Bob encrypt
𝑥" or 𝑥$ , and send the generated 𝑐- = 𝐸78 (𝑃- ) to that mediator and
gives all of these ciphertexts 𝑐; , 𝑐= , … , 𝑐? to the other party.
During above procedures, in order to prevent fraud behavior,
we use Feldman VSS2 scheme as well as zero-knowledge proof to
ensure the truth of the shares Alice sent to Bob, that means these
shares are truly generated by Shamir-secret sharing protocol：when
Alice gives Bob the ciphertext 𝑐- = 𝐸78 (𝑃- ) , Alice additionally
includes a Feldman VSS value 𝑤- = 𝑔A8 as well as a zeroknowledge proof of consistency between these two values。Thus,
Bob then can verify that 𝑤- is indeed a Shamir secret-share of 𝑥" ,
and same to Alice.
Now, Alice or Bob can transfer his digital currencies to the
hosted address, and if there is dispute, buyer will send his key to
seller, and seller can get the hosted fund with these two keys.
And if disputes occur, mediators will activate the arbitration
service. The winning party will transfer all the secret shares he
received from the other party to each mediator, and if more than half
of all the mediators work, we can recover the losing party’s key, and
send it to the winning party. And then the winning party will have two
keys to unlock the fund in hosted address.

2

Feldman, P.: A practical scheme for non-interactive verifiable secret sharing. In: 28th Annual Symposium on
Foundations of Computer Science, 1987, pp. 427-438.
THEMIS

11

3.3 Disputes Settlement
If a disputes occurs，both Alice and Bob refuse to send their
private key to each other, and each party can apply for dispute
settlement on Themis. When disputes occur, according to the
settlement rules agreed in advance, Themis will launch the process
of arbitration. If arbitration is launched, participants need to pay for
arbitration fee, and in order to reduce the cost of fair exchange to
the lowest, this process only be launched when disputes appear.
Generally, we classify the settlements in two classes: first one is to
generate the arbitration result automatically by Smart Contract; the
second one is arbitrators vote for the arbitration result. In the first
way, the Smart Contract will call Oracle Services automatically to
obtain external inputs, and run a Smart Contract code to generate
the arbitration result. In the second way, we introduce a
crowdsourced arbitration service based on reputation score.
Crowdsourced Arbitration. The crowdsourced arbitration
service of Themis is based on reputation score. We help both sellers
and buyers to choose reliable arbitrators by grading anonymous
arbitrators, and arbitrators can get rewards from blockchain.
Meanwhile, Themis uses an opening censorship to assess
arbitrators’ reputation. The judgement of arbitrators will be
submitted to Distributed Ledger for audit after being anonymously
processed. In Themis, we list the information of dispute settlements
including contract subjects, cases, judgements, reason for
judgements by blockchain distributed ledger technology, and other
users can rate the arbitrators’ judgements. Then the arbitrators can
get reputation scores according to their judgement behavior. Any
behavior of abusing power of arbitration will be reflected in
reputation scores, and users with lower scores will have lower
possibility of being arbitrator.

THEMIS

12

Reputation Management Mechanism. The reputation system
of Themis will provide other users’ feedbacks of arbitration results
reliably, rather than surrender personal information of users or rating
details, and ensure reputation scores can’t be changed maliciously.
Currently, common reputation systems normally rely on feedback
from other users to assess the quality of information, and motivate
positive behaviors by updating reputation scores via algorithm.
However, this data will link reputation scores to users’ long-term
identities. This identity linkage enables user tracking and appears at
odds with the anonymity principle. We will create a practical
anonymous reputation system which can update reputation scores
amongst a huge crowd of users rapidly, and whilst retaining privacy.
That means the reputation scheme of Themis doesn’t need to link
reputation scores to users’ long-term identities.
Oracle Services. Oracle is a necessary mechanism when
discussing and auditing the materials of transactions. The essence
of Oracle is the information publishing of the real events in the real
world. The data and materials required in arbitration must be
determined by Oracle. These Oracle Services offer a series of AP.
Themis determines the arbitration result and the following
procedures by calling Oracle API. Oracle could be centralized(as
Reality Keys), and it also could be decentralized (as Oracle Chain).

3.4 Strategy of Election
Election of Depositary. In the DPoSR consensus mechanism,
If one node wants to have the right to be the depositary, he must
pay some deposit in advance on Themis. If this node has malicious
behavior, the deposit will be confiscated by Themis system. Nodes
can vote for some other node as its depositary, and the Themis
system will select the nodes with more votes by computing the
THEMIS

13

shares of these nodes have in the whole system as depositaries.
These nodes will take charge of generating blocks by the turn
agreed in advance.
Selection of Mediators. According to the escrow requests
users sent, Themis system will use consistent hashing algorithm to
select an odd number of nodes (2f + 1) as mediators.
Selection of Arbitrators. Themis system will use the weighted
random algorithm according to the reputation scores of nodes to
compute an odd number (2f + 1) of nodes as arbitrators.

3.5 Security Design
Our scheme might face three kinds of attacking threats. One is
the DoS attack, that means a third-party denies settling any disputes
and makes hosted funds locked. Another is the collusion attack from
mediators and arbitrators, if the arbitrator tells both Alice and Bob
they win the arbitration, and then both parties will send their secret
shares to the mediators, and the mediators can recover 2 private
keys to get the hosted funds. The last threat is the collusion attack
of DPoS, there is a threat of DPoS itself that it might be attacked by
partners. To avoid the first kind of attack, Themis uses the theory of
incentives to increase the opportunity cost of DoS attack and it can
lead mediators to be honest and civilized by the motivation of market,
and makes the system complete escrow and arbitration objectively.
The motivation mechanism of Themis means to encourage
mediators providing more effective services, and all the mediators
with good behaviors will increase their reputation scores risen, as
well as recovery Themis(GET) token. Otherwise, the mediators with
bad behaviors will not only lose their reputation scores, but also the
deposit they lodge to the system. This mechanism increases the
THEMIS

14

cost of bad behavior greatly, and mediators won’t break the
ecosystem for benefits, and in this way, Themis can avoid most
attacks from malicious mediators.
We classified mediators into 3 groups, trusted committee
mediators, certificated agency mediators and common mediators.
The trusted committee mediators are reliable no-downtime
mediators maintained by trusted organizations, and these mediators
can guarantee the arbitration be executed even after DoS attacks.
And the certificated agency mediators need to transfer deposit to
Themis system in advance, and if they behaved maliciously, the
deposit will be confiscated, in this way, we can avoid them from
behaving maliciously. To avoid the second kind of attack, we
upgrade 2-of-2 shared address to 3-of-3 shared address, and the
third key x C will be kept by both Alice and Bob but never disclosed
to the third-party. Therefore, even though the mediators might
launch attacks, they will only obtain x A and x B, and they still can’t
take the hosted funds. For the third kind of attack, as the more users
use Themis to host funds and arbitrate disputes, the more value
Themis will have, and the the less economically viable it is for
mediators to act maliciously., the whole system will be more and
more secure, and then that will attract more and more users to
Themis services. This can be a beneficial circle loop to make
Themis nodes grow, and to make Themis more powerful.

3.6 Typical Workflow
Using the example Alice pays Bitcoin to Bob for a toy giraffe,
the following is the process of fair exchanging via Themis.
Agreement before transaction：
Alice and Bob require a Bitcoin escrow address;
THEMIS

15

Alice and Bob apply an escrow request on Themis, including
disputes settlement (Smart Contract), service charge, arbitration
bonus and so on;
Themis runs escrow smart contract, and responds the list of
mediators to Alice and Bob；
Alice and Bob send secret shares to each mediator separately；
Alice and Bob send secret shares to each other.
Funds hosting and goods delivery：
Alice transfer her Bitcoins to the escrow address, and then,
neither Alice, Bob nor the third-party could take the funds;
Bob posts the toy to Alice; Alice receives the toy, and after
checking, starts the confirmation of goods, and sends her private
key to Bob;
When Bob gets Alice’s key, he can transfer the Bitcoins from
escrow address to his own address;
The smart contract on Themis calculates and distributes service
charge to mediators.

THEMIS

16

Figure 3.2

Funds hosting and goods delivery

Disputes Settlement：
Alice and Bob launch an arbitration request on Themis；
The arbitrators will determine arbitration result according to the
agreement made prior to the transaction(Suppose Alice wins, Bob
loses)；
Alice sends the secret shares of Bob to mediators；
The mediators recover the key of Bob via shares and sends
back to Alice;
Alice can transfer Bitcoins from escrow address to her own
address by these two keys;
The smart contract on Themis calculates and distributes the
bonus for arbitrators;
The smart contract on Themis calculates and distributes the
service charge for mediators.

Figure 3.3

Disputes Settlement
THEMIS

17

3.7 Themis Wallet
Themis provides a hierarchical wallet based on a new
generation of cryptography, named Themis Wallet, it can provide a
kind of high-efficiency ， low-storage-usage of private keys and
address management service for users, and it can also achieve the
interaction with Themis blockchains automatically, and make it
easier for users to use Themis services.
In some typical use cases of Themis, users need to receive
payments from other users frequently. For example, the e-shops
using Themis to handle their digital currency transactions, they need
to receive the payments from users of every transaction, and to
ensure privacy, they need to generate addresses for each
transaction, and they have to store and manage these addresses
and related private keys. And as it’s a linear dependence between
the number of transactions and the number of addresses and keys,
it will be quite a cost for wallet system to store and manage so many
addresses and keys when the number of transactions is large.
Normally, when wallets generate new addresses, we need to
save corresponding keys to key-storage area, and it could be a huge
security risk for visiting the key-storage area. To avoid visiting this
area frequently, current wallets usually generate a mass of keys
each time, and save these keys into key-storage area each time in
order to reduce the frequency of visit. For example, the Bitcoin
Wallet, in the default setting, it can generate 100 keys and
addresses each time, and users can use the way of storing keys in
an offline storage (suck as flash disk, mobile HDD, or just print them
on paper) to store them offline. And the addresses generated will be
stored in the wallet client online. When the addresses are used up,
the wallet will generate a mass of keys and addresses again, and
THEMIS

18

visit the offline storage to store keys. This method can reduce the
frequency of visiting key-storage area in some degree, but it has no
idea of reducing the cost of storage and management.
Themis wallet is a hierarchical wallet based on a new
generation of cryptography, and it has following improvements：
1. API of Themis blockchain is supported, it can achieve the
interaction with Themis blockchain automatically, and make it easier
for users to use Themis services.
2. It can generate any number of addresses for users. And
meanwhile, it only needs one space of key for offline storage. Users
can use current offline storage schemes easily, such as paperwallet (print keys on papers in the form of QR code)，or they can
store the keys in hardware USB Key （ the private keys of
cryptographic currencies are usually standard Elliptic Curve keys,
so we can store the keys of this scheme in every equipment that
supports Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm）
3. There is no need for users to visit key-storage area during
the payment. That means keys can be absolutely stored offline in
this scheme.
4. The space of public key factor matrix for users is fixed, it
won’t grow with the number of addresses.
5. It will be easier for users to manage their addresses. The
addresses are generated by some payment information, and this
information doesn’t need to be stored.

THEMIS

19

4. Key Technologies
4.1 Fair Exchange via Group Escrow
The problem of fair exchange is how two mutually distrusting
parties can jointly exchange digital commodities such that both
parties receive the other party’s input or neither do. Indeed, fair
exchange is a special case of fair two-party computation in which
two parties wish to jointly perform a function over private inputs such
that either both parties receive the output or neither does（All-ornothing）.

Figure 4.1

Fair Exchange via Group Escrow

Below is an informal description of fair exchange:
If there are two parties, A and B，each of them has an electron
exchanging term iX and its description dX, in this situation, X=A or
X=B.
If there exists a verifiable function f(*), which makes dX=f(iX)
protocol has 2 states, successful or failing，both A and B can verify
his own state in the end.
THEMIS

20

Under the situation of asynchronous network, for the honest
unit A (not able to judge if unit B is honest), only if he received the
expected electron term iB , then he would pay his electron term iA；
Conversly，same with the honest unit B. And here comes a trouble：
Nobody wants to pay his electron term first, and that result in nobody
could get expected electron term eventually. To overcome this
situation, one effective solution is both parties send their electron
terms to a trusted third-party(TTP)，and the TTP can transit the
terms and the TTP can arbitrate when disputes appear also.
Themis mainly solved two kinds of problems：
Firstly, during transactions，there are In-line TTP mode or Online TTP mode，and both models need lots of TTPs, and leads the
quality and security of TTPs being widely challenged. Hereby,
Themis comes up with an optimistic fair exchange protocol, TTPs
only participate when disputes appear；
Secondly，Themis comes up with a secure exchange protocol
based on group escrow to avoid both the single point failure issue,
and the denial of service issue.

4.2 Anonymous Reputation Mechanism based
on Verifiable Shuffles and Linkable Ring
Signatures
The current motivation mechanism of blockchain has two
problems, on one hand is that it can’t ensure anonymity, observers
can easily find out the relation between identities and votes; on the
other hand, this mechanism based on digital tokens can only
increase the number of tokens of users, but it has no ideas about
reducing the number of tokens of malicious users. Tokens’
THEMIS

21

cryptography mechanism restrict system from taking users’ tokens,
therefore, we can’t reach the goal of punishing malicious behaviors.
To solve this problem, the reputation mechanism of Themis based
on verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures, and it can finish
the calculation of reputation anonymously, without revealing users’
identities, and it has the motivations of reward and punishment.

Figure4.2

Anonymous Reputation Mechanism based on

Verifiable Shuffles and Linkable Ring Signatures

The reputation system of Themis operates in a series of
message-and-feedback rounds. At the beginning of each round, the
servers maintain a database containing all clients’ long-term
identities and their respective encrypted reputation scores. During
each round, the servers successively run a scheduling protocol
based on verifiable shuffles, which transforms the reputation list into
an anonymously permuted list consisting of a one-time pseudonym
for each client and an associated plaintext reputation score. Our
scheduling protocol is decentralized: neither servers nor clients
(other than the owner) can link one-time pseudonyms or reputations
to long-term identities. Clients then post messages anonymously
using these one-time pseudonyms. The servers can associate these
messages with their corresponding reputation scores without
learning clients’ sensitive information. Each client may then provide
THEMIS

22

feedback (e.g., votes) on other clients’ posted messages. Each vote
is signed by a linkable ring signature, enabling the servers to verify
that each client votes only once without revealing which client
submitted each vote. This design enables the servers to tally
positive and negative feedback without linking this feedback with
long-term identities. Finally, the servers tally the feedback received
for each one-time pseudonym, update the reputation score, and
then perform a “reverse scheduling” to transform these one-time
pseudonyms and their updated reputation scores back to the
original long-term identities and their encrypted updated reputation
scores.

4.3 Non-interactive Zero Knowledge Proof
Zero Knowledge Proof Systems are a cryptographic protocol
between two parties (the prover and the verifier), and since its birth
in 1983, this amazing theory has great influences on computer
science and cryptology.
By executing Zero Knowledge Proof Protocol, when the
assertion is true, prover is able to prove the validity of the assertion
to verifier, and verifier can verify it quickly, but unable to learn any
other information beyond the validity of the assertion. And when the
assertion is false, even if the prover has unbounded computation
power, he still not be able to fool the verifier accept a false assertion
except with negligible probability. And when the assertion is like
prover has some secret knowledge, the Zero Knowledge Proof
system will specialize to the Zero Knowledge Proof of Knowledge
(ZKPoK), that means the prover can prove to the verifier that he truly
owns this secret knowledge, but he needn’t to reveal any information
about this secret knowledge. ZKPoK could be interactive or noninteractive according to if the prover need to interact with the verifier.
THEMIS

23

NIZKPoK minimized the round complexity (akin. communication
cost), and thus is more applicable in the real world.
Themis uses the Zero Knowledge Proof Protocol to solve 3
problems: the first one is to ensure the secret shares offered to
mediators by both parties of transactions in group escrow protocol
is true; the second one is that, in verifiable shuffles protocol, all the
observers and verifiers can use the Zero Knowledge Proof
generated by shuffle servers to check if the shuffle servers executed
random activities correctly; and the third one is that, in reputation
system, clients will generate their Zero Knowledge Proof about
reputation budget, and claim that 1) his actual reputation score is
not lower than the expected value b, 2)he will use b as his reputation
score to distribute messages.

Figure 4.3

Non-interactive Zero Knowledge Proof

THEMIS

24

4.4 Digital Signature Algorithm with Highconcurrency Verification Ability
For the transactions on public chains, the calculation ability of
verification is the key factor of transaction processing speed.
Currently, most blockchains employ the Elliptic Curve Digital
Signature Algorithm using NIST’s secp256k1 curve. This algorithm
performs well at security, but the efficiency is poor, the mainstream
CPUs can only calculate less than 10,000 times per second by this
algorithm, so that there will be a significant delay when the number
of transactions is large. Some allied chains and private chains
usually try to avoid this challenge by involving trusted compute
environment, but this method will involve a more complicated secure
base, and it could be difficult to support the security requirement of
public chains.
Themis solves this challenge by involving a new DSA algorithm
with high-concurrency verification ability. Our system supports
variety of digital signature schemes, and we can select a
corresponding scheme according to the requirements of users and
applications. With the situation needs one-time signature key, we
will select the one-time signature algorithm based on hash algorithm
to ensure high verification performance; in typical scenarios, upon
ensuring 256bits security level, we will select specific elliptic curve
and verification algorithms, and using the time-space tradeoff
technology to improve the efficiency dramatically. We made a great
improvement of the CPU and GPU vector instructions set in this
algorithm, and take full advantage of every transistor’s calculating
ability. By optimization, we have improved the verification
performance by 2 orders of magnitude in the typical calculation
platform.

THEMIS

25

Figure4.4

New Generation of Cryptographic Algorithm for Blockchain

THEMIS

26

5. Scenarios
Themis is a fair exchange system based on blockchain
technology, it provides escrow services for decentralized digital
currencies, and solves the issues of fair exchange using digital
currencies as a medium. Such as fair exchange among digital
currencies, digital assets, and physical goods. There are many
scenarios for Themis, such as peer-to-peer escrow payments,
exchanges among digital currencies, supervising accounts and
security escrow, multi-subject assets escrow and so on.

5.1 Peer-to-peer Escrow Payments
Themis can provide escrow payments of decentralized digital
currencies for peer-to-peer online markets (such as OpenBazaar),
to make it possible for both parties to exchange directly; Themis can
connect to the payments system of e-commerce platforms, and
generate corresponding escrow accounts via Themis original chains,
then provide decentralized escrow service for digital currency
transactions. During the transactions, buyers need to transfer digital
currencies to the escrow account, and the sellers can only receive
the money after the delivery is confirmed. This mechanism can solve
the issue of payments not being able to effectively settle at the same
time with deliveries.
In actual e-commerce activities, Themis will provide advance
compensation for consumers. For example, 7 days after confirming
receipt, 5% of seller’s fund will be kept in platform account via smart
contract as deposit; and if dispute occurs, Themis will take the
advance compensation for buyer with the deposit, and then Themis
THEMIS

27

will contact seller about refund. This way we can improve buyers’
satisfaction and sellers’ reputation.

Figure5.1

Peer-to-peer Escrow Payments

5.2 Digital Currencies Exchange
Themis is a fair exchange system based on blockchain
technology, it can satisfy the transactions between digital currency
and physical goods as well as the transactions among digital
currencies, and it can provide a fair guarantee for the transactions
of all kinds of centralized or decentralized digital currencies.
Themis supports OTC transactions of digital currencies, and it
can provide secure escrow service for cryptographic digital
currencies based on blockchain, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and
generate corresponding escrow accounts via Themis original chains
to satisfy the requirement among digital currencies, and make it fair
for the cross-chain transactions.

THEMIS

28

Figure5.2

Digital Currencies Exchange

5.3 Accounts Supervising and Security Escrow
Escrow service is an important method for the traditional
financial industry to keep users’ assets secure. For example,
securities dealers need to set trust accounts with banks after
opening accounts, peer-to-peer lenders need to open supervision
accounts. However, for private equity funds, crowdfundings, and
ICO investment funds, both the investees, investment proportion
and return on investment are not transparent to the investors as they
have no escrows or they just use a centralized third-party escrow
mechanism.
As a group of smart contracts with scalacity, Themis can
provide the API of distributed ledger and decentralized escrow
service for digital currency supervision accounts, so Themis can
solve the problems of funds security, project tracing, and
rationalization distribution effectively. And as the digital financial
market matures, there will be more and more products and
THEMIS

29

scenarios for digital currencies in the future. Such as lenders of
digital currencies, futures of digital currencies, ETF funds of digital
currencies, cross-chain transactions of digital currencies and so on,
and all of these can be managed by Themis system to ensure
security.

Figure5.3 Accounts Supervising and Security Escrow

5.4 Multi-agent Assets Escrow
In the transactions of SCF, real estate, and large equipment, as
there are so many transaction agents, transaction links, and strong
dependencies, it will be easy for problems of morality and credibility
to occur.
Themis can host all the funds (deposits, initial payments,
service charges, final payments) in multi-subject transactions on the
original chains as the form of digital currency by creating smart
contracts based on multi-subject duties and conditional instructions.
And when the transaction comes to the corresponding link, the
corresponding transaction subject will trigger the smart contract by
inputs to achieve the fair exchange protocol. If any disputes arise,
dealers can use the group escrow protocol and arbitration
mechanism of Themis to launch an arbitration request. And every
THEMIS

30

member in the group escrow party will arbitrate, vote for the disputes,
and form an arbitration result, the winning party will have the right to
unlock the account.

THEMIS

31

6. Roadmap
u Jun,2017, started the design of fair exchange protocol based on
group escrow mechanism.
u Dec,2017, finished the MVP (Minimum Viable Product) version.
u Mar,2018, internal test of decentralized escrow service, and test
run of Themis OTC platform.
u Jun,2018, launch the Themischain test net.
u Oct,2018, launch the Themischain main net.

THEMIS

32

