n

e

nu

sq

uam

am ex maxin

ex ma

xi n

qu
us

e

Tigereum

Tigereum

Send crypto to
friends and family
in an instant message

TOKEN SWAP

8 - 18 DECEMBER 2017

Whitepaper

igereum

Fact
Everyone will be
sending money by
instant message
within 2 years

Problem
No-one can
send crypto by
instant message

Solution
We will develop
an AI chatbot
to send crypto by
instant message

igereum

2

Welcome to Tigereum					4
Overview							4
The Problem						4
The Solution						4
Messaging with Crypto					5
Tigereum’s AI Chatbot					6
How the AI Chatbot Will Work			
7
Tigereum Prototype					8
Industry Background					9
Cryptocurrencies						9
Online Landscape					10
International Remitters					12
Digital Wallet vs Instant Message			
14
Competitor Analysis					15
Disruption							17
Tigereum Tokens						18
Cryptocurrency for Instant Messages		
18
Initial Tokens						18
Listing of Tigereum Tokens				
18
Revenue Model						18
Value Proposition					19
Messaging Tigereum Tokens				19
Intellectual Property					20
Regulation							20
Insurance							21
Token Swap							22
Key Dates							22
Token Swap Price					22
First Day Bonus						22
Pre-Swap							23
Benefits of Token Swap					23
Allocation							24
ERC-20 Standard						24
Use of Token Swap Funds 				
25
BuyBack & Burn						25
Tigereum’s Team						27
Core Team						27
Advisory Board						30
Manager							33
Token Swap Summary					34
References							35

igereum

3

Welcome to Tigereum
Overview
Over the next two years, everyone will be sending
money by instant message. Social media companies
are working around the clock on this paradigm shift.
Crypto is being left behind on these smaller social
payments. Sending crypto from digital wallets is
difficult for small amounts. Enter the Tiger. Tigereum
will enable everyone to securely and easily send
small amounts of crypto to friends and family by
instant message.
The Problem
A revolution is occurring in the way we send money.
Social media giants like Facebook, WhatsApp and
Skype are investing in solutions to send money by
instant message. Crypto should be at the forefront
of this new wave but instead it is lagging behind.
Digital wallets will not be able to compete with
instant messaging for smaller money transfers.

The Solution
Tigereum will develop an AI chatbot to enable the
crypto community to securely and easily send small
amounts of crypto to friends and family by instant
message.

igereum

4

Tigereum will adopt the key principles of the crypto
world: security, anonymity, decentralization and
encryption.
Building our solution around AI chatbots makes
Tigereum flexible, globally scalable, independent of
any particular instant messaging platform, and quick
to market.

Messaging with Crypto
Crypto developers should be able to provide a better
solution for messaging money than social media
companies, big banks and international remitters.
Crypto already has the answers to a decentralized,
borderless, secure, digital, global currency which
can be messaged to anyone, anywhere. Crypto’s
competitive advantages should make messaging
money cheaper and easier for everyone. The crypto
community should be at the forefront of this paradigm
shift, and not leave it to the instant messaging
platforms.
Tigereum’s initial aim is more humble: to enable
the crypto community to message crypto on instant
messaging platforms, in the same way that fiat
currencies are messaged. We can take on bigger
challenges once we achieve this.

igereum

5

Tigereum’s AI Chatbot
Tigereum will not only enable crypto to be messaged,
it will also provide the crypto community with the best
customer experience for sending crypto. Tigereum will
deliver conversation-style messaging of crypto using the
newest AI tools available for chatbots.
Tigereum won’t ask you to clunk through your digital
wallet to send crypto or fill out web forms, or take QR
scans or paste long crypto addresses.
Tigereum’s AI chatbot solution will enable crypto
holders to securely message crypto:
• anonymously, or with disclosed identities
• on any device - mobile, tablet, laptop or desktop - on
the go, in the office, at home, in an airport lounge, or
on the beach
• within the instant message platforms you use to
communicate with your friends
• without passwords, usernames, QR scans, new
software or new apps
• fully secured by encrypted identity tokens
• using any cryptocurrency
• across borders
• in your preferred language.

igereum

6

How the AI Chatbot Will Work
Tigereum’s AI chatbot solution will be simple to use, and
users
will complete the following steps:
• Add Tigereum to your friends list on any
instant messaging platform you like to use.
• Open a chat with Tigereum to message crypto to a
friend.
• Tigereum will ask three simple questions in chat style:
(1) which cryptocurrency do you want to send?
(2) how much?
(3) do you want to write a short message to your friend?
• Choose a friend (the recipient of your crypto) from your
friends or contacts list on your device.
• Details of your transfer will be displayed on screen and
can be messaged to your friend.
• Pay for the crypto you have messaged using your digital
wallet.
• Your friend can use the crypto in whatever way they
like:
• depositing it in their digital wallet
• exchanging it for fiat and depositing it
in their bank account
• forwarding it to another friend.

igereum

7

Tigereum Prototype
Tigereum has built a prototype AI chatbot for securely
sending money on the Facebook Messenger instant
messaging platform, and has performed a series of
early tests. These have helped identify the chatbot’s
scalability and garnered important customer feedback.
Tigereum is ready to commence a full live pilot and to
integrate crypto into the chatbot.
You can try our prototype bot on the Tigereum website
www.tigereum.io

igereum

8

Industry Background
Cryptocurrencies
Readers of this Whitepaper are familiar with the
background of cryptocurrencies. A summary is provided
here:
• Cryptocurrencies are decentralized digital currencies
which operate outside normal central banking.
• Bitcoin was the first major cryptocurrency, commencing
in 2009 after a paper was released under the name
Satoshi Nakamoto. There are close to 17 million
Bitcoins mined, trading around US$4000 each with
a capitalization of US$68 billion. Bitcoin value has
doubled over the last 12 months alone.
• Other major cryptocurrencies are Ethereum, Ripple,
Litecoin and DASH which make up part of over 700
cryptocurrencies worldwide with a total value of
roughly US$150 billion.
• To trade between cryptocurrencies, and in/out of fiat,
crypto exchanges have become important service
providers to the crypto community. There are about 200
crypto exchanges. Approximately US$300,000,000 is
traded on crypto exchanges each day.
Crypto holders keep their cryptocurrency assets in digital
wallets. Digital wallets are like online bank portals. You
can see which cryptocurrencies you own, and their current
value. You can buy more crypto into your wallet, or sell it
(through an exchange).

igereum

9

Digital wallets enable customers to send and receive
crypto directly to and from other crypto holders. In
your digital wallet, you have an anonymous, encrypted,
randomly-generated address for your cryptocurrency.
This is like a bank account number (but it’s so long you
have no hope of remembering it). You can send crypto
to a friend at their address from within your digital
wallet.
You can only send and receive crypto to and from your
digital wallet if you and your friend have crypto. If
you want to send funds to a friend who does not have
crypto, you have to first convert your crypto to fiat,
then transfer it to your bank account, and finally send
fiat to your friend from your bank account through an
international remitter, or indeed by instant message.
Generally, there is a 2% charge to send and receive
crypto between digital wallets.

Online Landscape
Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Tencent, Apple and
Microsoft know that many customers would prefer to
use instant messaging to message money to friends and
family, especially for smaller
social-type payments, so this is what customers will get.
Facebook introduced messaging small amounts of
money for US customers in 2015 on Messenger. This
is a brilliant customer interface, as it is very easy to
use. However, Facebook has struggled to overcome
the international regulatory obstacles to roll this out
globally. It has also apparently been working on a
patent to protect its unique IP solution for messaging
money. In the meantime, Facebook’s dual strategy is
to work with remittance partners outside the US and
support payment chatbots on its Messenger platform.

igereum

10

WeChat introduced instant messaging of money to
customers in China in 2016. The owners of WeChat
recently bought MoneyGram, so expect to see this feature
expand rapidly for its Chinese customers.
Snapchat introduced instant messaging of money to its
platform in 2014, by partnering with Square.
WhatsApp announced in 2016 that it plans to enable
instant messaging of international currencies. WhatsApp
is preferred by international users, therefore the
opportunities for WhatsApp are as big as the regulatory
obstacles and currency exchange challenges. It could
unwittingly be running an international remittance
operation within an instant messaging platform, and
earning significant revenue from currency exchange. It
seems this strategy is still under consideration.
Hike (in India) announced in August 2017 that it would
introduce payments to its instant messaging platform.
Paypal has been successfully messaging money to emails
and mobile phone numbers for over ten years.
Venmo (a Paypal brand) messages money in the US and
Singapore through an instant messaging app.
Sending money using instant messaging is changing
the way we use the internet, and how we communicate.
Online experiences which require us to download desktop
software, go to a browser, send an SMS, install a mobile
app, or even make a phone call, are in decline. Instant
messaging money is the next big thing.

igereum

11

Instant messaging is even outstripping the new social
media tools which put Facebook, Google and Amazon
on the map ten years ago. Instant messaging is
becoming more popular than the generation of social
media apps we all first came to use, and this change is
occurring right now. The social media companies are
having to re-invent themselves already.
Because of these trends, and the possibility of skimming
a large number of small fees across global banking
transactions (a market worth over US$400 trillion per
year in international remittances alone) it is easy to
see why social media companies are working on how
to make payments work on their instant messaging
platforms.

International Remitters
International remitters (of fiat currencies) are very
relevant to this market analysis, and Tigereum.
The key international remitters are Western Union,
MoneyGram, and Transferwise. Paypal is not regarded
as a traditional international remitter, but it rates a
mention here too.
Primary customer-facing tools for international remitters
are local branches and agents dispensing cash. Western
Union has over 500,000 branches and agents around
the world. Where they do employ technology they are,
in the main, still using only web browsers, SMS and
mobile apps, which are clunky to use. International
remitters are expensive, and part of the centralized
financial ecosystem which represents fiat currencies,
central banking and burdensome regulations.

igereum

12

Western Union is not particularly inventive or challenging,
and we all know it well. It is the dinosaur in the park.
MoneyGram was recently acquired by Chinese financial
conglomerate Tencent (which also owns WeChat). Expect
changes.
Transferwise is being a successful disrupter. In only ten
years, Transferwise has grown to remitting $1 billion per
month. It recently released a remittance chatbot.
Paypal is doing great work. It has a strong customer
interface and is breaking all the rules (in a good way) to
better serve customers’ financial requirements smoothly
and efficiently.
Start-up fintechs like Revolut in the UK are also doing
interesting work in this market.
Ripple is a cryptocurrency which is developing some great
tools for international remittances. Its focus seems to be at
the top of the B2B end of the market – to facilitate efficient
movement of large amounts of international currencies
between banks and global corporations. This is very
important work for the crypto community, however, it is
unlikely that Ripple will deliver B2C solutions for sending
and receiving crypto to friends and family.
None of these fiat international remitters show any signs
of using digital currencies to revolutionize themselves and
create efficiencies. None of them seem to be adopting
crypto as the way forward in a decentralized, anonymous,
encrypted world which treats currencies as jurisdictionallybound anachronisms. They are all very much creatures of
their highly-regulated environments and legacy customer
interfaces. Even Paypal is starting to look legacy now.

igereum

13

In fact, rather than develop their own solutions for
messaging international remittances, it looks like their
preferred strategy is to partner up with the social media
companies to deliver the systems, compliance and
back-end banking for messaging money on instant
messaging platforms.

Digital Wallet vs Instant Messaging
The crypto community has built an impressive ecosystem
over the last ten years, and it is indeed possible to
send crypto from a digital wallet. However, typical
digital wallets are hard work for most people and are
expensive to use. They are not the preferred way to
send and receive money between friends and family. It
is difficult to use your digital wallet to simply send small
amounts of crypto. It’s usually easier to send money
from an online bank portal.
The problem is that digital wallets have customer
interfaces based on old forms. Crypto has leapt
ahead as a new form of digital currency, but digital
wallets have not kept up with new forms of customer
communication and they have not linked up with the
social media tools we use everyday. Digital wallets may
be good for holding and trading cryptocurrencies, but
not for sending funds to friends and family.
Customers will continue to message fiat as their default
choice on their preferred instant messaging platform
before they send crypto from a digital wallet everyday.

igereum

14

Competitor Analysis
Tigereum is not proposing to be any of these things:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Crypto wallet
Crypto exchange
Remittance
Bank
Social media
Billing platform
Foreign exchange
Payment card

Tigereum will be a blockchain, anonymous, encrypted
and secure instant messaging AI chatbot to send crypto to
friends and family.
Who is competing with Tigereum in the crypto community?
We have not identified any direct competitors. Nobody
seems to be doing what Tigereum is proposing.
We have identified a number of indirect competitors to
Tigereum in the crypto community whose mission is to
provide good customer interface to crypto holders, and
help them use their crypto in a predominantly fiat world.
They are not digital wallets (exclusively) but are building
website and app solutions which are friendlier and easier
to use than the average digital wallet, and which generally
also enable their customers to send crypto to friends and
family in a fiat world.

igereum

15

Wirex (www.wirex.com) is a Bitcoin wallet website and
app with a plastic and digital prepaid MasterCard
attached. Customers can move funds within the Wirex
wallet between Bitcoin and fiat, and spend their fiat
online and instore with the MasterCard. It also enables
send/receive between other Wirex account holders, and
easier links to your fiat bank account(s).
Cryptopay (www.cryptopay.me) also offers a plastic and
digital prepaid MasterCard so that customers can spend
their Bitcoin in fiat currencies online and in-store, and to
send crypto to other Cryptopay account holders.
Izibits (www.izibits.io) is interesting to Tigereum
because its whole architecture is built as an AI
chatbot. It is not a website or app. It is a website/app
chatbot. All interactions with their customers occur
within a chat. It is developing a new suite of services,
including: P2P transfers, international remittances, a
prepaid MasterCard, a shopping platform, and a crypto
exchange.
Bitpay (www.bitpay.com) is a US-based payment
gateway for crypto/fiat. It seems to be pitched mainly to
merchants who want to accept crypto payments. Bitpay
enables merchants and retails customers to send crypto
and fiat in their shopping ecosystems.
Byteball (www.byteball.org) is one of the few new
blockchain offerings we could find which allows you to
chat and pay in an instant message, as one of the many
things it does.
However, none of these crypto companies are doing
what Tigereum is proposing.

igereum

16

Disruption
Messaging money on instant messaging platforms is going
to be a game changer. It will disrupt many markets:
• Banks (domestic and international transfers)
• Remitters (Western Union, MoneyGram, Transferwise)
• Payment apps (Venmo, Paypal, PayTM, Revolut)
Crypto should not be left behind as this change sweeps
through our financial institutions or the customer
experience gap between crypto and fiat will widen further.
In fact, crypto should be leading this disruption. Crypto’s
decentralized blockchain architecture should be taking this
battle on, not leaving it to the social media companies.

First Mover Advantage
Tigereum has a significant first mover advantage. We are
well positioned to ride the instant messaging wave for the
crypto community if we can start our development work
and go-to-market strategies now.
Our primary aim is to provide a viable alternative in
the market for crypto holders to message crypto to their
friends and family, so that they do not have to convert to
fiat simply to message funds easily and efficiently.
Our secondary aim is to build on all the benefits of
crypto to make messaging crypto a better and more
secure solution for messaging funds, especially across
international borders.

igereum

17

Tigereum Tokens
Cryptocurrency for Instant Messages
Tigereum Tokens will be the cryptocurrency used to
send crypto to friends and family in an instant message.
Senders will buy Tigereum Tokens to message money.
Recipients will redeem Tigereum Tokens into their
preferred crypto or fiat currency to receive their money.
The mechanisms for this to occur securely and efficiently
will be developed further through the course of this
project.

Initial Tokens
There will be fifty million (50,000,000) Tigereum Tokens
created. Up to forty million (40,000,000) of these will
be swapped for ETH under the Token Swap program
described further in this Whitepaper.

Listing of Tigereum Tokens
Tigereum Tokens will be listed on public cryptocurrency
exchanges, starting with EtherDelta. This listing is
scheduled for Monday 18 December 2017 (the close
date for the Token Swap).
Tigereum Tokens will be listed on other exchanges
promptly after Monday 18 December 2017 to maximise
trading opportunities for Tigereum Token holders.

Revenue Model
Tigereum will earn revenue from payments flowing
through our platform. This revenue stream will underpin
the value of Tigereum Tokens.

igereum

18

It is common for crypto exchanges to charge 1% to 2%
for transfers, and for international remitters to charge
fees (including exchange margins) up to 5% for fiat
remittances. Based on these competitor price points,
Tigereum expects revenues through its AI chatbot to attract
gross margins in the range of 2% to 5%.

Value Proposition
Tigereum’s high-margin revenues will create an
environment in which upward price pressure can benefit
Token Swap participants, and ensure a strong secondary
market into the long term.
As Tigereum gains traction in the market, more Tigereum
Tokens will be required by our customers to message
crypto. This will give rise to greater liquidity and upward
price pressure on the value of Tigereum Tokens.
The availability (and pricing) of Tigereum Tokens will
be controlled by the secondary market, so Token Swap
participants can be assured that there will be a viable
secondary market for Tigereum Tokens when we go to
market.

Messaging Tigereum Tokens
Tigereum will develop the mechanisms to securely
message crypto seamlessly and cost-effectively without
compromising anonymity and the blockchain’s integrity.
We anticipate that these mechanisms may require
Tigereum to hold a treasury float to manage the exchange
between crypto and fiat currencies. This treasury float,
if required, will not be created until Tigereum is ready to
go to market as it is not required during the development
phase, and we need to get the
model right first.

igereum

19

Intellectual Property
Tigereum may apply for patents for methods we
develop within our AI chatbots for messaging crypto.
Patents will further underpin the value of Tigereum
Tokens and reduce the risk of unfair competition.
This will be considered after our key development work
has finished, but before we go to market.

Regulation
Until Tigereum has completed its development, it is not
possible to have clarity about what regulations may
apply to Tigereum Tokens. Tigereum will obtain legal
advice on regulatory compliance before launching any
AI chatbots using Tigereum Tokens in the market.
Notwithstanding this uncertainty, at this stage we
recognize there are four key areas of regulation to
consider regardless of which laws may apply: consumer
protection, prevention of money laundering, taxation
and remittances.
• In all countries, regulators with responsibility for
ensuring that financial services are provided in a way
that protects consumers and maintains the integrity of
the market will be interested in Tigereum Tokens.
• Local tax laws are complex, and will apply on a case
by case basis, depending on where Tigereum Tokens
are issued.
• The prevention of money laundering is taken very
seriously in many countries around the world.
Tigereum will at all times act to prevent money
laundering.

igereum

20

• It is not clear whether messaging Tigereum Tokens
would constitute a remittance, and whether Tigereum
would have to comply with the regulatory requirements
which various countries impose on international
remitters.

Insurance
All Tigereum Tokens will be fully insured and kept in
cold storage. This means that if Tigereum were to suffer
a breach of its online storage, the insurance policy would
pay to cover any funds lost as a result.
The insurance policy covers any losses resulting from a
breach of Tigereum’s physical security, cyber security, or
by employee theft. The policy is planned to be provided by
a syndicate of insurers through Lloyd’s of London (which
also insures, for example, Airbnb & Tokenbase).
This will also apply to other digital currency that Tigereum
will hold, such as ETH which it will receive under the
Token Swap.

igereum

21

Token Swap
Introduction
Tigereum will make forty million (40,000,000) Tigereum
Tokens available to swap for ETH.

Key Dates
The Token Swap opens at 09:00 GMT on Friday 8
December 2017 and closes at 23:59 GMT on Monday
18 December 2017.

Token Swap Price
The Token Swap Price is 1 ETH for 1000 Tigereum
Tokens.

First Day Bonus
When the Token Swap opens on Friday 8 December
2017 there will be a 33% bonus. Your 1 ETH can be
swapped for 1,333 Tigereum Tokens (giving you 333
bonus Tigereum Tokens).
This 33% bonus applies only from 09:00 GMT to 21:00
GMT on the first day - Friday 8 December.

Public Exchanges
On Monday 18 December 2017, Tigereum Tokens will
be listed on EtherDelta. We will list promptly on other
public exchanges such as Coss.io after this initial listing.

igereum

22

Pre-Swaps
Pre-Swaps are available until Monday 20 November 2017.
We will offer special bonuses to Pre-Swap Participants.
Contact us for your Pre-Swap special bonus.
The objective of Pre-Swaps is to fund this Token Swap
campaign and further develop the Tigereum prototype.
Pre-Swap Participants will be rewarded with the following
additional benefits:
•
•
•
•

Personal invitation to participate in testing
VIP invitation to product launch
Bonuses for early participation
Priority access to the first buyback

Benefits of Token Swap
We have structured the Token Swap to minimise risks and
maximise returns for participants:
•
•
•
•
•

Prototype already in testing
Experienced team of entrepreneurs
Low, hard cap on the number of tokens
Optional buyback & burn program
Tokens an integral part of the business model

Allocation
Tigereum Tokens will be allocated as follows:
• 80% to Token Swap participants, including Pre-Swap
and bonuses
• 20% to be split between bounty (2%), team members
and advisors (3.6%) and founders (14.4%).
In the unlikely event that not all of the Tokens allocated for
the Token Swap are swapped, they will be burned.

igereum

23

ERC-20 Standard
Ethereum smart contracts enable a very transparent and
secure way of profit sharing among Tigereum Token
holders. Tigereum Tokens will be an Ethereum-based
token of value.
Ethereum-based tokens are a digital asset, bearing
value by themselves based on their underlying assets
and associated rights. They rely on a well-established
Ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several
advantages:
• Security and predictability (as opposed to, for
example, having to run an independent blockchain
network).
• Use of robust and well-supported clients (Ethereumbased Tokens can be managed with official Ethereum
clients).
• High liquidity (interchangeable with other Ethereumbased tokens or ETH); easier listing on exchanges
with infrastructure already in place.
Our Ethereum-based Tigereum Token smart contract
will comply with the ERC-20 standard, and it will be
extremely
easy for exchange trading to happen.
More detailed information about the ERC-20 standard:
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20

igereum

24

Use of Token Swap Funds
Overseen by the Advisory Board and financial auditors,
ETH swapped for Tigereum Tokens will be used to fund:
•
•
•
•
•

the development of Tigereum’s AI chatbot solution,
legal and regulatory costs,
a go-to-market team around the Tigereum solution,
marketing to grow the Tigereum business, and
working capital for operations as the Tigereum business
establishes itself, and
• the treasury float of crypto and fiat currencies needed
by Tigereum to enable settlements to occur (subject to
the mechanism to be finally adopted).

BuyBack & Burn
Tigereum will allocate corporate profits to buying back
Tigereum Tokens.
Participation in the buyback program is optional. Tigereum
Token holders who participate will receive their buyback
in the form of ETH swap. Priority will be given to PreSwap participants in the first buyback program. Tigereum
expects to burn buyback tokens.
Our buyback & burn program will allow the net asset
value of a Tigereum Token to increase, giving all token
holders a fair way to gain value in their Tigereum Tokens
over the long-term.

igereum

25

Facebook Messenger Bot
Tigereum has developed a Facebook Messenger bot
for the Token Swap. This is the first ever Bot for a Token
Swap.
The Bot will be published on Tigereum’s Facebook
Page https://www.facebook.com/tigereumtokens/
and it will be linked to Chatfuel’s webpage https://m.
me/133561580631420 when the Token Swap opens on 8
December.
By using the Bot, Participants will be able to swap TIG
using Ethereum or Bitcoin and buy TIG using MasterCard
or VISA.
It has been developed by Tigereum to showcase its ability
to deliver smooth customer experiences in an AI chatbot
via Facebook with instant messages, and to demonstrate
some of the features Tigereum is working on to send
crypto in an instant message.
Also, the Bot gives Participants who are not experienced in
crypto an opportunity to participate in the Tigereum Token
Swap for a small amount, to help them get started with
their first crypto experience and understand more about
Tigereum’s proposed solution for sending crypto.
The minimum number of TIG available in the Bot is 1000
TIG and the maximum is 5000 TIG.
We hope you enjoy the Bot!

igereum

26

IMPORTANT
Read this Whitepaper and the
Terms & Conditions before
participating in the Token Swap.
Be sure that you understand the
contents of these documents,
especially what they say about
the risks of participating and
restrictions on eligibility. Only
participate if you are eligible.
The Whitepaper and Terms &
Conditions can be downloaded
from Tigereum’s website
www.tigereum.io

igereum

27

Tigereum’s Team
Tigereum’s founders have put together a capable and
experienced team to undertake this Token Swap and
implement the development work for Tigereum’s AI chatbot
solution.
We have:
• a core team of dedicated, day-to-day executives to get
the work done
• an independent Advisory Board to oversee and guide
the core team
• an experienced blockchain security advisor
• an advisor, The ICO Rocket, to advise on this Token
Swap, and
• a project manager, Aero Cards Limited, to manage the
Tigereum Project and be custodian of project assets.

Core Team
Tigereum’s core team are an experienced and committed
group of people who are keenly interested in new
opportunities like Tigereum. Members of the core team
are:

Darren Olney-Fraser
Chief Executive Officer

Darren is an experienced company director
and investor. He practiced law for 20 years
(was Partner in a global law firm), and has
been CEO of a listed funds management
company for 10 years. He has raised and
profitably deployed over $200,000,000 over
the last 15 years. Darren founded Aero
Cards Limited in 2015.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/darren-olney-fraser-8803746a/

igereum

28

Tim Carmichael

Senior Executive with leadership experience
Head of Shared Services in multiple global technology deployments.
Deep knowledge of order to cash processes
and establishing, scaling and improving
onshore and offshore service centres. Six
sigma black belt with recent RPA ( robotics
process automation ) project delivery.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/carmichaeltim/

Shyaire Ganglani

Shyaire is a true digital native with a keen
Chief Marketing Officer interest in all things technology. Fascinated
with the power of digital and social
marketing, she has advised large global
corporates on social media strategies to
build customer loyalty and brand awareness.
Until recently, Shyaire was a Social Media
Strategist at Ogilvy Public Relations in
Dubai, UAE. Shyaire brings to Tigereum an
exacting awareness of what we need to do
to take Aero to market in a digital world.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shyaireganglani/

Mark Edmondson

Mark Edmondson is an experienced office
Chief Operating Officer administration professional. He manages
the day-to-day operations of Aero.

igereum

29

Rohan Goffin

Rohan Goffin is an experienced user
experience specialist. He is a Fine Arts
graduate with skills in digital artwork and
website layouts. Rohan makes sure that
Aero’s digital products deliver the best user
experience to our customers.

Moses Adeniji

Moses Adeniji is a project manager with
over 4 years industrial experience on UX/UI
design. He has project managed the design
of Aero’s bot products.

Gabriel Adeniji

Gabriel Adeniji is a full stack web
developer. He has been passionately
programming for 8 years. He was
commended by the senior special assistant
to the Governor of Lagos State, Nigeria for
giving her business a web presence. When
he isn’t glued to is laptop programming he
spends time learning cool things related to
IT, and also playing video games. He studied
Business Administration from Lagos State
Polytechnic.

User Experience

Bot Development

Bot Development

https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-adeniji-7a398b110.

igereum

30

Pauline Sargant
Compliance

Pauline Sargant is a lawyer who provides inhouse compliance support.

Advisory Board
Tigereum has established an independent Advisory
Board to oversee the Token Swap for participants,
to ensure that Tigereum has appropriate corporate
governance and the necessary skills to guide the
Tigereum project to success.
Independent members of the Advisory Board are:

Garry Lemair
Chairman

Garry is an an experienced visionary
director with a strong track record in
leadership and executive management,
having successfully worked with major
global entities over 50 years. He has held
senior executive roles at Citibank, Diners
Club, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Fluor
Daniels and Taubmans. Over the last 20
years, Garry has been Chairman and NonExecutive Director on many listed and private
international company boards.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lemair/

igereum

31

Dan Owen

Dan Owen is a London-based executive,
who is currently providing consulting services
to a UK investment fund. He has been a
start-up business owner and company
director in the health, manufacturing and
investments sectors.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dano-a8396842/

Shahar Nemar

Shahar is Founder of The ICO Rocket.He has
also co-founded a London based Venture
Capital Fund sushivp.com, and a startup
called CryptoChip.io. Shahar has built from
scratch international startup accelerators
in London and Israel (“Start-up Nation”,
StartupBootcamp and Marathon Labs).
He has recently been involved in several
successful ICO’s.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/
shaharnamerventure/

Jacob Ner David

Jacob has extensive experience in the
venture landscape. For over 18 years he
has been creating, leading, investing, and
mentoring tech driven start-ups. He loves
innovation and challenging the status
quo, especially through digital products
and services that can make the world a
better place. He founded and led start-ups
DeltaThree (now NASDAQ:DDDC) and
NomadIQ (sold to Omnisky).

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacobnerdavid/

igereum

32

Tom Sargant

Tom is a trusted advisor for large-scale
international projects. He focuses on how
best to achieve contestability and value
for money in the delivery, operation and
maintenance of a project’s lifecycle. Tom has
been a non-executive director on the boards
of listed, government and not for profit
entities.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/tom-sargantb5b9281/

Gautam Kulkarni

Gautam is an accomplished business
leader with significant experience in IT. He
has consulted across the globe on digital
transformation initiatives, IT strategy and
business consulting, pre-sales and solutions,
business analysis & process consulting. He
has a deep understanding of core business
processes and systems mapping. Gautam is
always keen to help his clients experiment
with cutting-edge digital technologies to
solve complex business problems.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/
gautamkulkarni/

Nathan Christian

Nathan Christian is part of a dynamic team
building applications on Ethereum and
Bitcoin Blockchains, writing Smart Contracts
and launching ERC20 tokens. Cryptocurrency
development and launch. Initial Coin
Offering (ICO) strategy, development,
venture capital investment, consulting
and advising. He has over 35 startups in
portfolio.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathanchristian-90365414a/

igereum

33

Darren Olney-Fraser is an ex-officio member of the
Advisory Board, as Chief Executive Officer of Tigereum.

The ICO Rocket
Tigereum has engaged The ICO Rocket to advise on this
Token Swap. The ICO Rocket unites investors, experts and
entrepreneurs to make successful ICOs and Token Swaps
for all stakeholders.

Manager
Aero Cards Limited has been appointed to provide
management services. Aero is a fintech based in London
which has developed and manages the Aero Prepaid
MasterCard - a digital and plastic payment card in Europe
- and a suite of remittance chatbots for fiat currencies,
which are currently being brought to market. Supporting
Tigereum for a decentralized crypto-messaging chatbot is
a natural extension of Aero’s fintech business.
Aero will manage the development activity of Tigereum,
the custodial ownership of Tigereum’s code, IP and domain
names, and this Token Swap. Aero will be custodian of
the Token Swap funds, and will audit the use of those
funds for Tigereum under the guidance of the Advisory
Board.
Aero was incorporated as a UK company on 25 March
2015 and has been actively developing fintech solutions
since its establishment.
Most of us will be routinely sending money by instant
message within 2 years.
There’s no way to message crypto in an instant message.
Message crypto on all instant messaging platforms
with a decentralized AI bot.

igereum

34

Token Swap Summary
Name:			Tigereum
Symbol: 			TIG
Standard:

		

Ethereum ERC-20

Supply:			

Fifty million (50,000,000)

Swap Price:			

1 ETH = 1000 Tigereum

Approximate Value:

US$15,000,000

Allocation:			
80% for Token Swap
				
20% for Bounty (2%), Team (3.6%)
				and Founders (14.4%)
Pre-Swap Bonuses:
Open until midnight 20
				November 2017
Open Date:		
Friday 8 December 2017
				(GMT 09:00)
First Day Bonus:		
33% bonus available on Friday
				8 December 2017
				(GMT 09:00 to 21:00)
					
Close Date: 		
Monday 18 December 2017
				(GMT 23:59)
Public Exchange:

EtherDelta

Lock-up Period:		

90 days for Founders

Burn:				
				

Unallocated tokens will be burned
at end of Close Date

Enquiries:			Darren Olney-Fraser
				dof@tigereum.io
				Shahar Namer
				namer@sushivp.com
Website:			

www.tigereum.io

igereum

35

References
AI and Chatbots by the Numbers: Is Your Bank Ready?
https://personetics.com/ai-chatbots-numbers-bank-ready/
The State of Chatbots 2017
https://chatbotsmagazine.com/the-state-of-chatbots-2017d85febc3bb75
Trends Driving the Chatbot Growth
https://chatbotsmagazine.com/trends-driving-the-chatbotgrowth-77b78145bac
Facebook reveals how WhatsApp will make money
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2017/09/05/
facebook-reveals-whatsapp-will-make-money/
How to send money on Facebook Messenger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePEft9U72Is
Use Facebook Messenger to send and receive money
https://www.cnet.com/how-to/use-facebook-messengerto-send-and-receive-money/
Short messaging services versus instant messaging: value
versus volume
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/au/
Documents/technology-media-telecommunications/
deloitte-au-tmt-short-messaging-services-versus-instantmessaging-011014.pdf
Trends in Remittances, 2016
http://blogs.worldbank.org/peoplemove/trendsremittances-2016-new-normal-slow-growth

igereum

36

For further information regarding the Tigereum
Token Swap, please contact:
Darren Olney-Fraser on dof@tigereum.io

Moving money around is a big, global market.
Servicing a share of that market for the crypto
community could become a significant business.
That’s what the founders of Paypal discovered for
fiat currencies over the last ten years, and what
you are about to discover for crypto currencies
over the next ten years.

igereum

37

