TIMICOIN

Timicoin
TM

The Tokenized Healthcare Ecosystem

Platform White Paper

© Copyright 2018
Page 1

TIMICOIN

Our Team
Marshall Votta - Senior Strategic Advisor
Andre Laurent - Senior Technology Advisor
Jim Bonnette, MD - Medical Advisor
Kai Tsai - Strategic Advisor
Robert Martin - Strategic Advisor
Scott J. Fries - Strategic Advisor
Henry Kuo - Strategic Advisor
Yirsa Abreu - PA-C Medical Advisor
Miguel Esparza - Tech Project Manager
Will Lowe - Strategic Business Advisor
Ramiro Pequeno - Managing Partner
Hardik Patel - M.Eng. Software Engineer
Rushirajsinh Jadeja - M.Eng. Software Engineer
Balachandren Sutharshan - Software Engineer
Mukunthan Tharmakulasingam - Software Engineer
Jay Pandya - Software Engineer
Dmitry Nikitin - Software Engineer
Randy Rodriguez - VA Liaison

© Copyright 2018
Page 2

TIMICOIN

Introduction
Personal health data is currently not used efficiently nor effectively due to
fragmented information created and isolated throughout hospitals, physician
practices, pharmacies, and laboratories1. Sharing healthcare data from one
institution to another has been a complex task due to privacy concerns and fear
that sharing information will give others a competitive advantage 2,3. Today’s
electronic medical records (EMRs) have varying data standards that inhibit
interoperability since records are not compatible between systems. Inconsistent
rules and permissions prohibit health organizations from accessing real-time
patient data 3.
A health information exchange (HIE) is defined as a reliable and interoperable
electronic sharing of clinical data obtained by the patients, physicians, nurses,
pharmacists and other health care providers across unaffiliated institutions
which in turn creates a network effect 1,4,5 . This enables data to follow patients
wherever they receive care. A blockchain powered health information exchange
(HIE) would establish the interoperability that is lacking in today’s healthcare
infrastructure 6. Furthermore, this would allow for coordinated patient care and
eliminate unnecessary services and duplicate tests. Improved data integrity,
reduced transaction costs, decentralization and disintermediation of trust,
establish the benefits that a health information exchange (HIE) delivers.
The purpose of Timicoin is to provide a blockchain solution that will secure
healthcare information within a health information exchange (HIE). This will
effectively deliver patient records in a consistent and real-time manner, only to
be accessed via a smart contract after patient authorization. Timicoin’s Health
Information Exchange will provide an optimized environment where health data
is structured and secured, leading to better data utility and improved patient
care outcome.

1

Vest and Gamm, “Health Information Exchange: Persistent Challenges and New Strategies.”

2

Clifton et al., “Privacy - Preserving Data Integration and Sharing.”

3

Peterson et al., “A Blockchain-Based Approach to Health Information Exchange Networks.”

4

“Health Information Exchange | HealthIT.gov.”

5

Hersh et al., “Outcomes From Health Information Exchange: Systematic Review and Future
Research Needs.”
6

Linn and Koo, “Blockchain For Health Data and Its Potential Use in Health IT and Health Care Related Research.”

© Copyright 2018
Page 3

TIMICOIN

HIPAA - Compliance Guidelines
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) sets the
standards for entities that must protect electronic patient health information
(ePHI) through physical, network, and security processes 7 . These entities can be
categorized as those who provide treatment, payment, and operations directly
linked to patients or business associates who support those who directly work
with patients 8. Business associates include subcontractors or any associated
business that handles patient health information.
As the healthcare industry further integrates ePHI (electronic patient health
information) entry systems to promote efficiency and mobility, entities must
prioritize security risk and take the necessary measures to protect ePHI 7 . HIPAA
protocols and policies provide entities the ability to adopt personalized risk
management technologies according to size and organizational structure.
HIPAA’s safeguards include:
1) Limited facility access and control with authorized access in place
2) Policies concerning user accesss and electronic media
3) Restrictions for transferring, removing, disposing, and re-using electronic
media and ePHI
Access controls include:
1) Using unique user ID’s, emergency access procedures, automatic log off, and
encryption/decryption
2) Audit reports or tracking logs that record activity on hardware and software
Furthermore, integrity controls need to be established to reaffirm that ePHI data
is not altered or destroyed 7 . IT disaster recovery and offsite backup must be put
in place for insurance when electronic media errors and failures occur. The IT

7

“Summary of the HIPAA Security Rule | HHS.gov.”

8

“HIPAA Compliance | Touch Support.”

© Copyright 2018
Page 4

TIMICOIN

disaster recovery measures include data transmission security (including e-mail,
internet, and private network security) to protect against unauthorized access to
ePHI.

De-identification
Healthcare information is a lucrative target for hackers9. Due to the centralized
nature of electronic health records, data can be easily hacked 3. The rise in
adoption rates of these technologies, as noted by the Department of Health and
Human Services, increases the potential security risks10.Lack of security for
patient records can lead to legal and financial consequences that jeopardize
patient care, proprietary practices, and competitive advantages 3.
Data anonymity secures patient records, by removing certain identifiable
information and only providing partial data 3 . This process de-identifies the
patient, maintaining a HIPAA compliant environment and providing valuable
resources to institutions for better patient therapies, medication research, and
overall patient outcome.
Timicoin's blockchain network never reveals the patient's identity. Instead, it
uses a unique identifier to distinguish between patients. When anyone requests
data from the network, the patient is notified via the TimiPatient App. The
patient grants the permission to use their data, without revealing their identity.
Without confirmation, the data on the network is encrypted and cannot be
accessed.
Health data demands heav y storage and bandwidth requirements for numerous
documents and large images. Requiring a blockchain to distribute data for every
patient among all members on the blockchain would deem impossible from a
data storage perspective. The healthcare industry needs a blockchain solution
that serves as an access-control manager for health data 6.

9

“The Biggest Healthcare Breaches of 2017 | Healthcare IT News.”

10

O’Hara, “Thousands of Patient Records Leaked in New York Hospital Data Breach.”

© Copyright 2018
Page 5

TIMICOIN

Timicoin’s Health Information Exchange will index all health data for patient ’s
and tie the associated health data to a unique identifier for the patient. The
transaction blocks will provide the user unique identifier, an encrypted path to
the health record and a timestamp for date of creation. Timicoin’s blockchain
will contain a complete indexed history of all heath data and its associated
patient via the unique identifier. Health data from wearable devices and mobile
applications will also be stored and indexed accordingly 6.
The TimiHealth ecosystem works by containing the medical data in a data
repository called a data bucket. Data buckets will store health data from images
to documents. The data buckets will provide health research institutions the
tools for data mining. Advanced query tools for clinical research studies, text
mining, and data analytic tools will provide institutions a powerful HIE
experience 6.
Medical records created by providers produce a digital signature that is used for
authenticity verification. The health data is encrypted and sent to the data
bucket for storage. The blockchain is notified when an object is added to the
data bucket and creates a pointer to the health record that is recorded on the
blockchain as a transaction assigned to a unique identifier. The patient is then
notified via the TimiPatient App where the patient can verify the transaction and
add health data from wearables and apps6.

Consistent Structures
The current environment for patient health data is hindered by a monopolized
information environment controlled by a few single authorities11. Each of these
centralized EMR’s have their own data structures and technical architectures,
and thus create obstacles for interoperability. A decentralized health information
exchange would aggregate data from all EMR providers and create a consistent
view of patient records across a cohesive data sharing network.

11

Krawiec et al., “Blockchain: Opportunities for Health Care.”

© Copyright 2018
Page 6

TIMICOIN

Interoperability
The ability of a system to be able to exchange and use the electronic health
information from another system without special effort to be done by the user is
known as interoperability 12. Currently EMR systems are not compatible with
each other which inhibit real-time data to be obtained seamlessly 11. The lack of
communication among the EMRs create data discrepancies which produce data
errors that can lead to consequences such as medical miscommunication and
result in reduced patient health outcomes. In the present environment, the
patient has limited interaction in the exchange of information. The patient needs
to be integrated into the healthcare ecosystem because the patient is the
principal component of a health information exchange 6,13 . (Figure 1.1)
By eliminating intentional data blocking, improving consumer access to health
data and implementing standards for health data interoperability, the appropriate
and effective use of health data will be facilitated 12. Consumers should be able
to easily and securely access their electronic health information which will in
turn benefit their health by ensuring transparency of all records between
healthcare providers leading to better health practices14 .

A Healthcare Blockchain
A blockchain is a distributed transaction ledger which is composed of blocks that
represent transactions11. Each peer to peer transaction is linked creating a
shared, immutable record. The blockchain is established using cryptographic
techniques for full transparency and decentralization forgoing the requirement
of a central authority and thus creating a trust-less consensus. Mining is a
process of validating a transaction or block in a network by the process of
complex algorithms to prove and validate the correctness of a transaction and
thereby adding the new block to the respective blockchain. Miners are nodes
that assemble the blocks and link them to the blockchain 3. Miners only build on
top of valid blocks due to implemented incentives which drive the consensus
strategy within the network.

12

The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC), “Update on the Adoption of Health Information
Technology and Related Efforts to Facilitate the Electronic Use and Exchange of Health Information.”

13

Heath, “HHS Interoperability Pledge Gains Major Support at HIMSS 2016.”

14

“Interoperability Pledge | HealthIT.gov.”

© Copyright 2018
Page 7

TIMICOIN

Timicoin Ecosystem
Data Input Portal
(EMR)

Admin Portal

API

TimiHealth

Blockchain

Data Management
Portal

Timicoin Ecosystem
(Figure 1.1)

Consensus
Consensus means an agreement between the parties. In the blockchain
network, the consensus means an agreement between the participating nodes.
Need for consensus:
Transactions between the nodes in a blockchain network result in the
generation of new blocks every few minutes. These new blocks are then
appended to the blockchain. However, before getting appended, these blocks

© Copyright 2018
Page 8

TIMICOIN

are validated by the miner nodes. And there is a possibility that a rogue miner
node which can cause instability in the network. Instability might arise when
this rogue node broadcasts or validates incorrect transactions.
Thus, a blockchain network needs consensus for every block appended. This
establishes trust within the network.
Types of blockchain:
A Blockchain network can be:
Public: In a public blockchain, anyone can join the blockchain network. For
instance, Bitcoin and Ethereum are a public network.
Permissioned: Contrary to the public blockchain, in a permissioned blockchain,
the participating nodes require permission be part of a network. Hyperledger
Fabric is an example of a permissioned blockchain network.
Hyperledger Fabric:
Hyperledger Fabric is an open source Linux Foundation project, contributed
by IBM. Hyperledger Fabric helps to create scalable and modular enterprise
blockchain networks. It allows components such as consensus and
membership services to be plug and play.
Moreover, being a permissioned network, all the participants of the network
are trusted and verified. The membership service component issues X509
certificates and encrypted cards to all the nodes. These are required for
making any transaction within the network. Thus, it saves the network from
the rogue nodes.
In addition, parties can form channels within the network. These channels help to
conduct a private and confidential transaction between two or more specific
network members.

© Copyright 2018
Page 9

TIMICOIN

The consensus in Hyperledger Fabric is broken into three phases:
Endorsement, Ordering, and Validation.
• Endorsement is driven by the policy upon which the participants endorse
the transaction.
• Ordering phase accepts the endorsed transactions and agrees to the order
to be committed to the ledger.
• Validation takes a block of ordered transactions and validates the
correctness of the accuracy of the results, including checking endorsement
policy and double-spending.
All the three phases are pluggable. For instance, some of the plugins for ordering
services are:
• Apache Kafka
• Byzantine Fault Tolerance Smart (BFT Smart)
• Simplified Byzantine Fault Tolerance (SBFT)
Also, similar to the Ethereum network, the fabric network allows execution
of the smart-contracts within the network. They are known as Chaincode in
the Hyperledger terminology.
TimiHealth Data Blockchain Consensus:
TimiHealth exchange network is powered by the permissioned Hyperledger Fabric
framework. The hospitals and the consumers make up the network. These
consumers can be a medical research institute, medical school, medical insurance
company, etc. Consensus is driven by the Apache Kafka Ordering Service.
TimiHealth Payment Blockchain Consensus:
TimiHealth employs a public blockchain network for payments. This blockchain is
based on the PIVX and the Dash codebase. It is a two-tier network of the
masternodes and the staking nodes.

© Copyright 2018
Page 10

TIMICOIN

Consensus algorithm in the TimiHealth payments blockchain is a combination of
Proof of Work (PoW) and Proof of Stake (PoS). Let's take a brief look at both of
them:
Proof of Work (PoW):
In PoW, multiple miners compete to mine a block. Here, these miners need to
solve a "mathematical puzzle" to get a unique hash. The first miner, who
successfully solves this puzzle, is rewarded with the set block reward.
Mining provides protection for the network as well as generating new tokens
over time. Also, there is a concept of difficulty in the PoW chains. As the
number of miners increases, the computational power of the network grows.
This, in turn, increases the difficulty of the mathematical puzzle.
Solving the mathematical puzzle a.k.a mining includes generating the large
hashes continuously until a correct hash is found. This process is resource
intensive i.e. over time it becomes impossible for conventional CPUs to
generate these hashes frequently. Thus, large GPUs are employed which
consume a great amount of energy. With this, when multiple miners employ
these GPUs on a large scale, a tremendous amount of electricity is consumed.
Hence, it becomes theoretically impossible for a rogue node to bring down the
network and the consensus is maintained.
Proof of Stake (PoS):
In PoS, the miner is selected based on some criteria. The criteria is referenced
to the amount of the currency the miner holds. In other words, it is the stake
of the currency owned that decides the probability of the miner getting
selected for the mining.
Since multiple miners do not compete to solve the puzzle, PoS proves to be
energy efficient, contrary to PoW.

© Copyright 2018
Page 11

TIMICOIN

In PoS, the miner owns a stake of the currency. Thus, if he tries to bring down
the blockchain network by broadcasting and accepting illegitimate
transactions, the value of his own stake decreases. Resulting in a safer and
stable network ecosystem.
Hybrid: Proof of Work and Proof of Stake combined
To harvest the pros of both the PoW and PoS mechanisms, the TimiHealth
payments chain works on a hybrid approach. This approach is customized
where up to block number 259200, the PoW chain is active and once the
majority of the reward is distributed, the PoS chain initiates work.

Utility Token Fundamentals
The development of a decentralized health data ecosystem requires a series of
services and systems. Utility tokens are units of services that are used to access
data and have a well-defined utility within their blockchain or ecosystem. The
TimiHealth Ecosystem will require the Timicoin Utility Token to process all services
and data requests for patients, providers, and consumer organizations. TimiHR
users will be able to transact their Timicoins to validate smart contracts, request
or provide data permissions, access invaluable data via the TimiPatient App and
connect company proprietary software via API’s.

© Copyright 2018
Page 12

TIMICOIN

Health Utility Token
To understand the value of a utility token, one must understand the flow of
health data through multiple services and players. Initially, health data is stored
with Health Organizations and Provider offices. When Health Organizations
provide services to patients, clinical data is captured. This clinical data is stored
in electronic medical record systems. At this point, patient data will be
submitted to the TimiHealth ecosystem via a Smart Contract process and each
transaction is stored on the blockchain along with the patient’s public ID. This
means that the submission and acceptance process has been completed and
uniquely identified. Timicoins are distributed accordingly to the users.
The value of the TimiHealth Ecosystem derives from the rich patient health data
that will be analyzed to reveal new insights. Health Organizations and Institutions
will access the TimiHealth Information Exchange to query the blockchain. Their
queries include non-identifiable patient information (age, gender, illness) that is
viewable. The organizations will submit a request to access the data and
patients will grant or deny permission and receive Timicoins for access to their
data.

Utility Token Fundamentals
The TimiHealth Ecosystem will require the Timicoin Utility Token to process all
services and data requests for patients, providers, and consumer organizations.
(Figure 1.2 & 1.3)
Timi Access is the data request and management portal for the ecosystem.
Timicoin is the utility token fuelling the TimiHealth Ecosystem. From here,
consumer organizations can:
•
•
•
•
•

Discover new Providers
Request new data from available sources
Pay with Timicoin for requesting access to data
Manage accessible data
Contact Providers

© Copyright 2018
Page 13

TIMICOIN

TimiEMR Visuals

Figure 1.2 | Figure 1.3

© Copyright 2018
Page 14

TIMICOIN

TimiEMR consists of nicely refined interface and backend algorithms to find the
exact recordset of the data that consumer asks for. It has its own Health Data
Search Engine and it works efficiently based on the keywords in the search
query, as well as the external filters applied.
The process of searching and obtaining the health data is now simple and
efficient. Consumer Organizations only need to type in their search query
keywords, like any other search engine, and apply extra filters if the results need
to be more specific and constrained. Then the Health Data Search Engine
performs it ’s work and fetches the most relevant recordset from multiple
available providers based on constraints. A smart contract is established on the
Timicoin network ledger, and every patient who has granted permission to access
their data is then rewarded Timicoins. The data is then released to the Consumer
Organization.

TimiPatient App
The TimiPatient App provides multiple utility functions to the patients connected
to the timiHealth network. The functions performed require Timicoins to be
invoked.
(Figure 1.4 and 1.5) Patients use the TimiPatient App to:
• View data and share statistics.
• Manage data access and connect providers who are multicasting the data
• View their updated health data in real-time including; sugar levels, disease
information, blood group, etc. (Figure 1.6 and Figure 1.7)
• Monitor the real-time data for patient's health
•

Maintain a synchronized medical history from multiple healthcare facilities for
more efficient diagnoses and treatment. When a patient visits a new facility,
providers can review the past medical activities and decide on medication or
treatments effectively and instantly. This is a huge time saver for the healthcare
system!

© Copyright 2018
Page 15

TIMICOIN

TimiPatient App Visual

Figure 1.4 & Figure 1.5

© Copyright 2018
Page 16

TIMICOIN

TimiPatient App Visual

Figure 1.6 & Figure 1.7

© Copyright 2018
Page 17

TIMICOIN

TimiWallet
The TimiWallet is the essential wallet app for any user connected to the
TimiHealth Ecosystem or who wants to trade Timicoin tokens. Neatly designed,
secure and efficient lite wallet client for Timicoin’s token ledger. (Figure 1.8)
TimiWallet is also connected to the TimiPatient smart contract system so for the
consumers, it automatically generates an order invoice for the data they are
purchasing. Consumer Organizations will be able to easily tap a button on the
app to pay for the data. (Figure 1.9)

Figure 1.8 & Figure 1.9

© Copyright 2018
Page 18

TIMICOIN

User Roles
• Providers - Providers are the hospitals and other medical facilities that serve
patients. They serve as the input source for the medical data in Timi Access
systems.
• Patients - Patients are the primary source of data, however, they are an
indirect source as they are not allowed to handle the operations of the input
system. Their only responsibility is to grant the data access when new
requests are created. They can view their data from various providers as the
reward for being a TimiPatient participant.
• Consumers - Consumers are the health related business organizations which
take benefit from the patient data that is on TimiEMR.

Subsystems
• TimiHealth - the decentralized blockchain based Health Information Exchange
Network that enables a profitable ecosystem between patients, hospitals and
healthcare organizations.
• TimiEMR - The Electronic Data Management system that will be used in
provider facilities as their lead EMR system or the connecting point between
their existing EMR system and TimiHealth network.
• TimiReports - TimiReports is the online portal to view the allowed healthcare
data for Organizations and Patients.
• TimiCloud - The online data management and data search portal for all the
users to request new data, grant access or manage the available data on
Timi Access respective of what access is provided to the particular user.
TimiCloud serves as the face of TimiHealth network.

© Copyright 2018
Page 19

TIMICOIN

TimiHealth Data Flow
The data flow and transaction process in Timicoin is designed to provide the
maximum data security along with ease of access and efficiency on the cloud.
The TimiHealth network process is divided into 3 sub-procedures. (Figure 1.10)
• Data Input - When a new hospital joins the network, they connect the data
from their existing EMR systems or TimiEMR to the Timi Access cloud. The data
is indexed on the cloud and keywords are matched. So while the actual data
stays on the facility computers, Timi Access has the indices and decryption
keys to the data.
• Data Access - When a consumer organization searches for specific categories
of data, TimiHealth's search engine algorithms search the indices and fetches
the source locations for the type of data the organization queried. The
organization will be provided with the cost for the data based on the source
locations and data categories. The organization can then submit a request to
the patients to grant the access.
• Granting Permissions - When a new access request is submitted, the cloud
engine reaches out to facilities and the involved patients for the digital NOC in
form of a smart contract. When the access request is approved by both the
parties, the request is granted and all the asked data is made available to the
consumers in the TimiReports Portal. The data will also be available via the
Developers APIs and can be fetched into their own systems.
• TimiHealth engine uses a more efficient functionality called the Pre-Granted
Access. When a new facility joins the TimiHealth network or a new patient joins
the facility, they are asked if they want to join the TimiHealth Data Exchange
Program. If they agree, their information is flagged as “Always Accessible” data
and that makes the process seamless and efficient for the organizations to
consume health data.

© Copyright 2018
Page 20

TIMICOIN

Data Flow Visual

Gives data to
providers with tests

TimiHealthservers send the
new Data Transaction to
Miners

Also inputs data directly to
TimiHealth network via health
devices and our client app

Timi Access

Once mined, the new block is added
to the TimiHealth Blockchain. Timicoins
are rewarded to the miners

TimiPatient ask patients for permission
when new data query is received.
When patients approve, the encryption
key unlocks the data and consumer can
access the data.

Data consumers ask for
data they want, specific or
bulk. Consumers pay the
network fees and the
patients are rewarded after
the data is unlocked.

Benefits of a Health Care Blockchain
Patients, providers and healthcare organizations all benefit from the Health
Information Exchange platform provided by Timicoin’s blockchain technology.
Patients will no longer have to gather data from various providers to share with
their specialists. Instead, Timicoin creates a single storage location for all
real-time health data, which is easily accessible through granted access. This
ultimately frees the patient from needing to manually manage the information
from each visit to his/her different providers. Better, more readily available data
leads to improved patient outcome. The patient now has access to his/her own
health data leading to a more engaged patient and thus improving compliance.

© Copyright 2018
Page 21

TIMICOIN

Blockchain will ensure continuous availability and access to real-time data,
improving clinical care coordination and providing industry wide incentives via
Timicoin’s Health Information Exchange. Providers and organizations will now
have access to the same existing data, leading to optimized patient care.
Aggregating data from a larger and more diverse patient population enables
improved research activities including clinical trials that can result in a more
accurate representation of the general public.
Blockchain technology creates a global solution for seamless collaboration. This
revolutionary technology will evolve healthcare into what it was supposed to be:
a progressive environment where a patient has full control of their health data
and providers work together to ensure the full potential of a patient’s health
outcome while reaping the economic benefits of an efficient healthcare system.

© Copyright 2018
Page 22

TIMICOIN

Works Cited
Clifton, Chris, Murat Kantarcı, Anhai Doan, Gunther Schadow, Jaideep Vaidya,
Ahmed Elmagarmid, and Dan Suciu. “Privacy - Preserving Data Integration
and Sharing.” Accessed November 5, 2017.
https://oi.org/10.1145/1008694.1008698.
“Health Information Exchange | HealthIT.gov.” Accessed December 10, 2017.
https://www.healthit.gov/topic/health-it-basics/health-infor mation-ex
change.
Heath, Sara. “HHS Interoperability Pledge Gains Major Support at HIMSS 2016.”
EHR Intelligence, 2016. https://ehrintelligence.com/news/hhs-interoperabili
ty-pledge-gains-major-support-at-himss-2016.
Hersh, William R, Annette M Totten, Karen B Eden, Beth Devine, Paul Gorman,
Steven Z Kassakian, Susan S Woods, Monica Daeges, Miranda Pappas, and
Marian S McDonagh. “Outcomes From Health Information Exchange: Systematic Review and Future Research Needs.” JMIR Medical Informatics 3, no.
4 (December 15, 2015): e39. https://doi.org/10.2196/medinform.5215.
“HIPAA Compliance | Touch Support.” Accessed October 12, 2017.
https://www.touchsupport.com/hipaa-compliance/.
“Interoperability Pledge | HealthIT.gov.” Accessed September 12, 2017.
https://www.healthit.gov/commitment.
Krawiec, Rj, Dan Housman, Mark White, Mariya Filipova, Florian Quarre, Dan Barr,
Allen Nesbitt, et al. “Blockchain: Opportunities for Health Care.” NIST Work
shop on Blockchain & Healthcare, 2016. https://oncprojectracking.health
it.gov/wiki/display/TechLabI/Blockchain+Challenge+on+ON C+Tech+Lab#
BlockchainChallengeonONCTechLab-Winning.
Linn, Laure, and Martha Koo. “Blockchain For Health Data and Its Potential Use in
Health IT and Health Care Related Research.” Accessed October 5, 2017.
https://www.healthit.gov/sites/default/files/11-74-ablock
chainforhealthcare.pdf.

© Copyright 2018
Page 23

TIMICOIN

O’Hara, Mary. “Thousands of Patient Records Leaked in New York Hospital Data
Breach,” 2017. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/thousands-pa
tient-records-leaked-hospital-data-breach-n756981.
Peterson, Kevin, Rammohan Deeduvanu, Pradip Kanjamala, Kelly Boles, and
Mayo Clinic. “A Blockchain-Based Approach to Health Information Exchange
Networks.” Accessed October 4, 2017. https://www.healthit.gov/sites/de
fault/files/12-55-blockchain-based-approach-final.pdf.
“Summary of the HIPAA Security Rule | HHS.gov.” Accessed October 8, 2017.
https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/security/laws-reg
ulations/index.html.
“The Biggest Healthcare Breaches of 2017 | Healthcare IT News,” 2017.
http://www.healthcareitnews.com/slideshow/biggest-health
care-breaches-2017-so-far?page=25.
The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC).
“Update on the Adoption of Health Information Technology and Related
Efforts to Facilitate the Electronic Use and Exchange of Health Information,” 2016, 20–38. http://healthit.gov/.
Vest, Joshua R, and Larry D Gamm. “Health Information Exchange: Persistent
Challenges and New Strategies.” Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association: JAMIA 17, no. 3 (2010): 288–94. https://doi.org/10.1136/
jamia.2010.003673.

© Copyright 2018
Page 24

