A fair rewarding,
powered blockchain based,
business tokenization platform

WhitePaper V2.0
February 14, 2018
tokengoplatform.com

Table of contents
Abstract

5

Introduction

6

Blockchain Applicability

8

Demand for Blockchain Technology in the Contemporary World

8

Real-Time Data Veriﬁcation

8

Increasing Transaction Rate

8

Trust as Key Aspect

9

Openness, Transparency and Accessibility

9

Decentralizing Management

9

How It Works:
TokenGo Use Cases
Examples of TokenGo Platform Application

10
10

Performing ICO Procedures

10

Voting

10

Creating In-House Cryptocurrency

11

Financial Payments

11

Owning Tokens

12

Automatic Accounting

12

Voting Widgets

12

Authentication and Notary Certiﬁcation

13

Issuing Certiﬁcates

13

Consensus Algorithm

14

TokenGo Consensus

16

Business Tokenization

18

Business Tokenization as the Process of Creating a Closed System of
Token Circulation

18

Contemporary Capabilities of Tokens Related to Business Tokenization

18

Typical Problems

19

Open Token Circulation System

19

Lack of a Unique Oﬀer

19

Discrepancy Between Economic and Social Processes

19

Main Conditions for a Successful ICO

19

Closeness and natural token circulation

19

Providing Investment Attractiveness

19

Proper Integration into Business
Processesand Real Additional Value of the Token Use

20

Ecosystem
TokenGo Ecosystem

Main Components of the TokenGo Closed Ecosystem

21
21
23

TokenGo Web Platform

23

TokenGo ICO Website Constructor

23

TokenGo Smart Contract Constructor

23

TokenGo Cryptocurrency Exchange

24

TokenGo Voting Harvesting

24

Harvesting

26

Terms and Deﬁnitions

26

The procedure of calculating the total amount of
rewards distributed among Harvesting participants for a settling period

27

Distribution of Remuneration among
Harvesting Participants for a Particular Post/ Comment

27

Additions to Distribution

28

Calculation Formulas and Descriptions

29

GoPower Token Economy

37

GoPower (GPT)

37

GoPower Token Cost Growth

37

Distributing Tokens for and ICO

37

ICO

38

ICO Bonus Program

38

Global Bonuses for ICO

38

Personal Referral Bonuses for ICO

38

Accrual of GPT Tokens at ICO Stage

38

GoPower Token Potential

39

Use of Tokens after the Completion of the ICO Procedure

39

GoPower Token Migration

39

Monetizing the TokenGo Platform

40

Road Map

41

Conclusion

44

5

Abstract
TokenGo is a blockchain based business tokenization platform
oﬀering fair rewards to its participants who form a local community of
actual and potential investors and cryptocurrency investment experts.
The TokenGo platform is based on blockchain, using proprietary solutions designed and
coded from scratch to improve the speed and scaling performance of the network. Owing to
its architecture, the TokenGo technology concept provides for easy integration of any
mobile or web application with blockchain functions through the simple TokenGo API. The
unique TokenGo smart contract constructor minimizes the impact of the human factor on
systematization and regulation of ICO procedures.
TokenGo oﬀers a consolidated web platform with personal cabinets and comprehensive
information on connected and forthcoming services and projects, as well as the current ICO
procedures.
Entrepreneurs and start-up founders need comprehensible tools for ICO procedures enabling easy integration with a crowdfunding blockchain platform. The TokenGo ICO landing
page constructor solves the problem fully. ICO initiators can ﬂexibly adjust their websites to
perform ICO's and quickly, in just a few clicks, integrate them into the TokenGo web platform.
Thus, we enable idea originators and project starters to considerably reduce the ﬁnancial
thresholds and simplify the introduction of startups to the market; we ensure complete
transparency of ﬁnancial operations and allow investors to minimize risks.
The TokenGo community strongly supports the concept of economic incentives as the main
tool for attracting participants and, consequently, allowing them to receive fair remuneration, proportional to their contribution.
The TokenGo Community’s web platform enables participants to create media content in
the form of reviews, expert analyses or forecasts and hold discussions using comments and
votes.
The Community’s essential objectives include creating high-quality content and promoting
active social interaction among the participants to ensure an eﬃcient and professional
approach to investing. In order to boost this process, we oﬀer an incentive scheme based on
a DPoS consensus customized modiﬁcation, which involves fair distribution of GoCoins
among GoPower token holders and other categories of Community participants.

6

Introduction
The Blockchain technology traces its roots back 2008 when Satoshi Nikomoto, a programmer and cryptographer, published his article about bitcoin,
which few people knew about at that time.
He was the ﬁrst to lay down the concept and the main principles of a decentralized transaction conﬁrmation system which does not require involving any third parties and is therefore
protected from any external inﬂuence. The innovativeness of the solution and the bitcoin
open-source code ﬁred the imagination of technologists and economists all over the world
and provided a powerful impetus for further research and discoveries in crypto-ﬁnancial
relations.
A few years later, Vitalik Buterin, a Canadian programmer of Russian origin, realized that the
blockchain technology could give much more than its author had initially supposed. A
decentralized conﬁrmation system is so versatile that it can record information about the
overwhelming majority of possible events and distribute it to its blocks. Buterin brilliantly
developed the idea Satoshi had the laid basis for, the idea of so-called smart contracts,
self-contained and self-performed contracts, distinguished by increased security and exclusion of conventional risks. This is how the famous Ethereum, appeared which has become a
worthy rival to Bitcoin.
Nowadays, cryptocurrencies and technologies are still developing, analysis and statistics
reveal areas of concern and prospects for the growth of this new economic realm. What we
are witnessing now in the blockchain industry leads us to the following conclusions:
Firstly, Blockchain capabilities have not been fully discovered yet. There are some signiﬁcant problems: the transaction rate leaves much to be desired, the scaling and third-party
solution resource is restricted, the smart contract technology requires further development.
If these challenges are met, the entire cryptography community will be taken to a whole new
level of development.
Secondly, due to a rapid increase in the number of projects applying for ICO, there is a deﬁciency of major blockchain platforms, which allow conducting ICO procedures and business
tokenization properly and securely. There are also insuﬃcient full-ﬂedged tools for fast project elaboration and preparation for ICOs. The optimal solution to all the above issues could
be provided by the TokenGo blockchain platform which will be utilized as the basis for developing and releasing a unique smart contract constructor whose customization will not take
much time in each particular case. Its practical objective is to ensure operational transparency and security; as well as to prepare and provide a comprehensive set of tools for project
founders (including tokens, landing pages, a bounty campaign structure including personal
cabinets for their participants, turnkey solutions for website security, etc.) which, altogether,
allows to substantially reduce ﬁnancial expenditure, prepare for regulation and facilitate
project introduction to the market.

7
Thirdly, we are aware that the future of the crypto-ﬁnancial community relies on forming a
closed circuit of cryptocurrency emission and circulation. The potential for development lies
in a possibility of unhindered practical use of cryptocurrencies for non-investment purposes. All participants should be able to convert their savings into not only real cash but also
products or services within the ecosystem. This is enabled by extending the TokenGo blockchain platform up to a full-ﬂedged ecosystem cooperating with numerous representatives
of startups, projects and services who strongly support the above-mentioned idea of a unitifying, self-sustained platform serving its participants and are ready and willing to oﬀer their
products and services in exchange for the platform’s highly liquid in-house currency.
Metkalfe’s Law, set forth in 1980s, states that the network utility is proportional to the
square of the number of the network users. When a community achieves a certain critical
mass, its maintenance costs decrease while its utility keeps growing without any limitation.
This is why we focus on organizing the TokenGo community supporting all signiﬁcant functions of a social network, from creating virtual users’ proﬁles and providing for their interaction, down to the possibility of achieving common goals through cooperation, resource
interchange, meeting needs through accumulation of resources, etc.
We are aware that the success of a crypto-ﬁnancial ecosystem depends on each of its members, and we are ready to support participants providing fair rewards, proportional to their
contribution to the Community (regardless of its primary form: either by money or eﬀort)
and provide functionality that enables fulﬁlling any economic or social needs related to
obtaining and utilizing any goods without leaving the ecosystem.
We are inspired by ideas of Steem, a project, which was one of the ﬁrst to implement a fair
rewarding system and declared the principle of the whole Community working towards the
beneﬁt of its every member. This has become one of the basic principles for our platform
too. We wholeheartedly share and support the idea of in-house production to meet our participants’ needs.
TokenGo fully supports the idea of economic incentives as the main tool attracting participants and thus allowing each of them to receive timely and fair rewards proportional to their
contribution.
In this paper, we are going to present some additional features and brand–new proprietary
mechanisms for encouraging participants to produce goods as well as evaluating and
rewarding each TokenGo Community member’s contribution.

8

Blockchain Applicability
DEMAND FOR BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
IN THE CONTEMPORARY WORLD
The appearance of Blockchain followed by its rapid development as a part of the Internet
technologies has drawn people’s attention throughout the world. Analytical reports provide
a conclusive proof of the positive impact the blockchain technology has had on essential
performance indicators such as growth of technical and business process eﬃciency, considerable cost saving and risk mitigation. There is also a great potential in the banking sector
where the application of a decentralized system will signiﬁcantly facilitate processes related
to information storage, transfer and updating. Of course, transition to a new level will
require both time- and analytics-related expenditure, however, it will later pay for itself
many times over through by an increase in eﬃciency and reduction of expenses which, in its
turn, will boost interest in the technology, its ﬁnancing and development.
Let us consider corporate operation elements which can be inﬂuenced by the use of Blockchain in the ﬁnancial and economic sector, as well as positive results which can be achieved
if this unique advanced technology is applied.

Real-Time Data Veriﬁcation
When developing and operating, every company faces the necessity of collecting, processing
and storing some information. Its timely updating is the most important aspect. However,
the process itself is very time-consuming and, consequently, not very eﬀective, as information tends to lose its relevance with time. The use of Blockchain technology solves this problem completely as its operating principle implies continuous high-speed decentralized
updating and veriﬁcation of the entire database while its inherent security eliminates the
need for any additional checks

Increasing Transaction Rate
Mutual settlements between business partners, companies, organizations or countries
often take a lot of time due to red tape and inspections associated with the provision of
information adequacy and security of ﬁnancial payments. The use of distributed ledger technology eliminates stealing, forgery and other types of fraud, thus accelerating the processing of such transactions considerably. At the moment, there are lots of concepts and solutions being tested because the future undoubtedly belongs to Blockchain technology.

9

Trust as Key Aspect
Trust is one of the crucial factors for a company’s successful development. At the same time,
it is extremely diﬃcult to gain trust within the conventional company model and it can take
years or even decades of skillful managers’ work. Blockchain technology resolves the problem because it is originally built on trust its the key functional principle.

Openness, Transparency and Accessibility
Ensuring data transparency, accessibility and openness is an objective for any company that
wants to succeed for many years to come. Blockchain technology allows any person to check
and verify transactions. All information is copied many times and stored in the user-distributed ledger all over the world, which prevents its tamper and theft and provides for the
real-time veriﬁcation of its authenticity without engaging any intermediaries.

Decentralizing Management
At present, not every company is ready to delegate traditional centralized management to
Blockchain, i.e. to enable users to administer the company themselves. However, many analysts believe that it is a technology of the future and it is decentralized management based
on trust and transparency that can help companies go through all the stages of their development overcoming various problems including ﬁnancial and economic crises.
We believe that the combination of the elements Blockchain technology is based on eventually creates an eﬃcient and advanced system for handling information and ﬁnancial transactions, which eliminates the need for any intermediaries, regulatory bodies or additional
eﬀorts for provision of security, which signiﬁcantly simpliﬁes ﬁnancial circulation and mutual
settlement processes.

10

How It Works:
TOKENGO USE CASES
TokenGo is an open-type platform, which allows using a number of conventional industrial
JSON RESTful API when working and connecting to it. This protocol is compatible with any
application that conforms to the messaging standard, such as the ISO20022 or FpML
markup language.
TokenGo considers them as processes with certain outlets for recording any information,
transactions and updates into the distributed database. This integration allows interacting
successfully with even obsolete applications and solutions.
Each node of the TokenGo blockchain network contains an API gateway which enables fast
and easy connection to any applications. This greatly simpliﬁes the development of mobile
and web applications in any programming language.

EXAMPLES OF TOKENGO PLATFORM APPLICATION:

Performing ICO Procedures
Originators of ICO companies can create their own tokens, allowing
investors to considerably reduce the time of achieving liquidity and profitability, in contrast to the capabilities of present-day shares.
The unique TokenGo smart contract constructor minimizes the impact
of human factor on the systematization and regulation of the ICO process; and it is organized so that its adjustment and launch do not take
much time and do not require engaging a team of professionals, while
operational security and complete transparency are maintained unfailingly. The use of the TokenGo smart contract constructor signiﬁcantly
reduces the threshold for any company’s entry into market.

Voting
TokenGo ensures voting security. Votes cannot be modiﬁed. Conﬁdentiality is maintained using encryption. Votes are counted instantaneously.

11
Solutions for electronic voting and registration of resolutions are among
promising areas for the application of Blockchain technology. A distributed database stores the entire history of entries and their updates to
ensure the complete transparency of the process and enables their veriﬁcation checking them at any time.
Information contained in Blockchain cannot be forged because all changes in a voting procedure or its results are also recorded into the distributed database, and copies of those records are received, acknowledged and
stored by other community members.

Creating In-House Cryptocurrency
There are a lot of reasons why project founders need to create their own
cryptocurrencies such as a wish to provide ﬁnancing for their startups
using an advanced non-conventional ﬁnancing method instead of searching for investment in traditional ways, which have now become complicated and costly; servers which have to be monetized; or a need for a real
gaming currency. However, in doing this they face some diﬃculties - from
exploring all the operating principles of existing cryptocurrencies to writing their own code.
The TokenGo platform enables you to create your own cryptocurrency
without any sophisticated programming. You will be able to set all the
necessary parameters for coin emission and specify whether a commission fee is to be charged for transactions.

Financial Payments
Companies with ﬁnancial services can utilize the TokenGo platform for
instant payments and transfers worldwide.
Transfers through a blockchain platform have some undeniable advantages: information about all operations (including ordinary transfers,
transactions or purchases) is recorded in the database and the records
are multiplied and stored in participants’ computers all over the world,
which makes unilateral actions impossible. This payment method is especially suitable when there is a risk of an uncompleted transaction or
non-receipt of money when using conventional payment systems.
Besides, any ﬁnancial operations through blockchain allow maintaining
complete anonymity and avoiding the disclosure of the parties’ personal
data.

12

Owning Tokens
The use of the TokenGo platform for the registration of token ownership
will enable companies to identify all present and former token holders, as
well as the entire history of token transfer (selling) from one holder to
another when required.
It may be necessary, for example, when identifying investors who are to
receive some dividends or privileges announced when launching the ICO.

Automatic Accounting
Multiplying and saving information blocks on users’ computers all over
the world is the basis for the integrity and protection of information
recorded using blockchain.
All transactions and documents in the TokenGo blockchain are constantly
saved and remain unchanged ensuring complete transparency of any
ﬁnancial transactions, contracts or other entries. This facilitates real-time
automation of accounting work.

Voting Widgets
Any platform participant and GoPower token holder will be able to install
a special voting widget on their websites to attract visitors and earn extra
income. A voting can be arranged for any content including news, comments, articles, product or service descriptions, etc. This widget operates
using the API interface and is available as a generated code in the TokenGo platform participant’s personal cabinet.
All Internet resource authors who have a TokenGo platform widget on
their websites will automatically receive a ﬂow of interested visitors from
the platform as our participants receive a reward for any vote or comment.
This widget operates on Blockchain, so participants have to do their work
properly and quickly in order to receive remuneration. There is so-called
self-moderation of content. A participant does not beneﬁt from writing
content (comments) which does not meet the resource originator’s
requirements.

13

Authentication and Notary Certiﬁcation
At present, only blockchain technology provides an absolute guarantee of
authenticity of information, such as copyright protection or any other
ﬁnancial and legal information, without engaging third parties such as
notaries or other institutions. The fact that no fraudulent alterations can
be made unilaterally makes this technology a perfect choice for notary
services, document management, registration activities, cadastral registration etc.
The TokenGo platform oﬀers a solution to numerous issues associated
with digital identiﬁcation and allows incontestable, invariable and secure
authentication.

Issuing Certiﬁcates
How can you demonstrate that the services you oﬀer are reliable and
secure? The TokenGo platform can be used to create professional certiﬁcates for accountants, healthcare providers, brokers, insurance agents,
etc.
These certiﬁcates, stored in the distributed database, cannot be received
in any other way, except oﬃcially, which builds trust to your company and
its staﬀ and protects service users from fraud, deceit and low-quality
services.

14

Consensus Algorithm
A consensus algorithm is necessary to enable a community of any scale to
arrive at a concerted deﬁnite opinion on some issue. If we consider modern
society, we can ﬁnd numerous examples of consensus algorithms used, for example, to
determine ownership.
Another example of a consensus algorithm, established by a nation in order to abide by the
rules speciﬁed in the Constitution, is the government which, among other things, organizes
panels of jurors and judges to evaluate evidence and deliver judgments. Those judgments
are most often fulﬁlled even though they may not be correct.
Contemporary algorithms for reaching consensus are more advanced and at the same time
more sophisticated. A PC network with an unlimited number of users can arrive at unambiguous decisions regarding diﬀerent matters, issues or problems avoiding some common
risks such as creation of a competing opinion (and, consequently, a competing Blockchain),
closing the whole network or censorship of its particular members’ opinions. Two protocols
most often utilized by those algorithms and to ensure operational reliability and robustness
against censorship are PoW (Proof of Work) and PoS (Proof of Stake).
Known problems of Bitcoin Blockchains relying on PoW, where the network security is guaranteed by the computation capacity of the participants’ devices and the probability of generating another block by particular miners is directly proportional to their computation capacity, include great power consumption and a relatively slow rate of transaction conﬁrmation
which slows down the whole network operation due to continuously increasing volumes.
This has become another reason for seeking a more eﬃcient and advanced algorithm which
would boost decentralization and at the same time provide a reliable and fast network of
real-time conﬁrmed transactions.
Daniel Larimer, a Blockchain engineer, realized that the Bitcoin blockchain system was too
slow while cryptocurrency mining in the system was extremely wasteful in terms of power
costs. He stated that Bitcoin mining was going to become centralized in future and huge
mining pools were going to control Bitcoin. Daniel decided to build a blockchain system of
his own which could increase the transaction conﬁrmation rate up to ﬁgures exceeding 100
000 conﬁrmations per second. He invented and developed a new algorithm which consumes less energy, is fast and fully secure and named it Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS).
We have estimated that the use of DPoS in Bitcoin would allow boosting decentralization at
less than 10% of the current cost. It would result in not only a decrease in inﬂation and a
more rapid increase in Bitcoin price, but also in a reduction of time expenditure on reliable
transaction conﬁrmations from 1 hour (6 conﬁrmations, 10 minutes each) down to 10 seconds.

15
At the same time, when analyzing other Blockchain projects, we also detected a number of
shortcomings in a competing protocol, so-called PoS, where the more tokens miners own,
the more likely they are to generate new blocks for the common chain. For example, BlackCoin and Peercoin enable everyone interested to become veriﬁers and earn an income by
virtue of owning crypto-assets. Here is an example of how it can take place in similar projects
under PoS: if you have, say, one percent of the total amount of coins produced by the Community in your wallet, you can be entitled to verify one percent of all generated blocks and
receive a remuneration for this only because you hold this cryptocurrency in your wallet.
However, ﬁrstly, it results in an unreasonably high payment for transactions and, secondly,
it does not allow participants who own less than one percent of the tokens to earn any
income if the cost of the transaction payment in their systems is not higher than that in a
system powered by the DPoS algorithm.
Let us also analyze the scalability of blockchain systems powered by PoS to compare their
capabilities with DPoS. If we assume that one hundred or more DPoS delegates cause excessive centralization and if we try to increase the number of veriﬁers in a PoS system, for
example, up to one thousand, their transactional payments will exceed those in DPoS
systems tenfold! And if a blockchain powered by the PoS algorithm grows to the size of
Bitcoin (with the capitalization of 130 billion US dollars), it becomes evident that participants
whose assets exceed 1 million dollars will unfairly earn most income. If the ownership
threshold required for participation as a veriﬁer, is reduced, for example, to 1000 dollars,
the income of the latter will be ten thousand times higher than in systems utilizing the DPoS
algorithm.
The consensus algorithm based on the DPoS protocol combines both PoW and PoS
elements. However, its main distinction is a real-time voting mechanism, which relies on the
participant’s reputation level or “voting power”. This mechanism allows electing a number of
persons having special powers – delegates. Each participant can be a party of the election
process by voting for delegates or becoming a candidate. After election, delegates are
empowered to create and verify blocks to be included in the Blockchain. Besides, they have
to prevent intrusion of unauthorized persons into the process. Authorized persons are
admitted to work in turns or in a random order which is changed every new round. If wrongful behavior has been detected, the delegate is publicly debunked and dismissed from the
process.
We consider DPoS to be the most eﬃcient minting method. It provides better decentralization while the delegated proof of stake ensures an even more reliable mechanism for conﬁrming transactions in networks implementing this technology. Therefore, we have selected
DPos as the basis for our developments.

16

TokenGo Consensus
TokenGo consensus utilizes an adapted and modiﬁed DPoP (Delegated Proof of Power)
algorithm, which is based on the DPoS/PoW hybrid algorithm. Its speciﬁc features include
the use of a special token, GoPower, which is the basis for determining minting-priority and
voting power when electing delegates. When blocks are generated, the DPoP consensus
suggests that the dependence on equipment power capacity and the stake in GoPower
token ownership should be used simultaneously.
The consensus mechanism which underlies most solutions powered by the distributed database technology, in the TokenGo blockchain platform consists of independent p2p nodes
integrated into a common network. Transactions taking place through the blockchain can be
seen by each of the p2p nodes which record and immediately check received information,
excluding lost, incomplete or duplicated chains. At some point, the recorded data are
grouped and hashed and communication with the previous block is established. After that,
a new block is added to the blockchain. Each new block is introduced into the blockchain
distributed ledger controlled by the DPoP algorithm.
In the TokenGo blockchain network, blocks are produced in rounds, while the process of
their creation is called “minting”. Miners/delegates engaged in building blocks will be
referred to as Delegates in this paper. Delegates are responsible for two independent processes which are, however, logically interrelated: creation of a transaction block and veriﬁcation of the received block into the man chain using electronic signature.
Each round implies participation of 101 Delegates elected via the voting system embedded
into the TokenGo platform, the so-called TOP Delegates. In order to ensure motivational
competition, the priority of selection and the probability of joining the TOP are directly
dependent on the applicants’ and electors’ voting power.
In order to become an applicant and apply for participation in the voting, one has to undergo a procedure of Delegate registering. Any participant owning 100 or more GoPower can
become a Delegate. The TokenGo community can arrive at a coordinated decision to
increase the total number of Delegates elected for a round by means of creating a reserve
of Delegates in order to boost speed and decentralization.
In each round, two Delegates, acting as miners, are elected secondarily among Delegates
elected for the TOP. The ﬁrst one is elected under the DPoP protocol algorithm while the
second one is elected randomly. The miners’ purpose is to produce blocks and organize
current transactions, while a specially elected Delegate of this round signs and introduces
them into the common blockchain network.
When one of classic PoW protocols is chosen, creation and veriﬁcation of blocks into the
common network takes an unpredictable amount of time. In TokenGo where, as previously
mentioned, DPoP consensus algorithm is used, each round lasts exactly 10 seconds, and the
integrity and reliability of received blocks is guaranteed with a tiny probability of fork production.

17
Thus, we can deﬁne three fundamental facts in favor of the DPoP consensus algorithm:
First: an incredibly high transaction rate in the network, which is achieved due to the Delegates’ capability to include suitable transactions in the structure of a block transferred for
input, without waiting for the check of a half of all network nodes.
Second: democracy. Any community user who has at least 1 GoPower, has voting power and
can take part in the management proportionally to the number of tokens he or she has.
Third: a high degree of manageability. There are mechanisms, which allow achieving consensus on all issues related to the network development and future.

18

Business Tokenization
BUSINESS TOKENIZATION AS THE PROCESS OF CREATING
A CLOSED SYSTEM OF TOKEN CIRCULATION
With technology development, the Internet enables creating boundless communities, the
fact that has changed many companies’ business vision. A lot of companies that gather and
support communities are now at the top, by their capitalization, income, and inﬂuence. On
the other hand, companies that have been focusing mainly on territory are gradually losing
their power.
The emergence of cryptocurrencies has been followed by the formation of the ICO concept
which now has a lot of names, though its essence remains the same. It contributes to the
development of the cryptocommunity and provides an opportunity for boundless investment. It means that any company can, avoiding any banks, tying cards, communication with
third parties or other compulsory elements of the conventional crowdfunding system,
receive investments through the Community, as any token is by its nature backed by the
Community. Without the Community, the cost of a token as a digital asset is equal to zero. A
token integrated into a Community, as per its members’ expectations, will be in demand
with the actual implementation of the project and will be actively utilized according to the
capabilities speciﬁed when an ICO is launched, thus completing its entire circulation cycle.
The closeness of the process is the key element of successful business tokenization.
Appropriate ICO procedures provide some very important components for a successful start
of any business or its particular line because it results in a Community of participants supporting a project put together through marketing and advertising, a formed ﬁnancial interaction system based on token economics, an elaborate incentive system and manifoldly
veriﬁed mechanics of business processes.

Contemporary Capabilities of Tokens Related
to Business Tokenization
Firstly, it is a powerful ﬁnancial tool.
Secondly, it is a tool designed to control participants’ and investors’ behavior. Diﬀerent purposes and applications of tokens, as well as an established reward system speciﬁed in the
project WhitePaper are able to encourage most Community participants to take certain
actions and to drive them to achieving the common goal.
Thirdly, as analysis and practice have shown, not only business models but also separate
business processes can be subject to tokenization which allows introducing an additional
ﬁnancial component into them.

19
TYPICAL PROBLEMS

Open Token Circulation System
The cost of a token, as well as that of any other asset, is determined in a deal only. If a token
is not traded on the exchange and cannot be used in transactions with certain liquidity, we
cannot speak of its cost. Any eﬃciently operating system has to be closed, i.e. there should
be people motivated to buy and sell the asset. When the balance is disrupted, the cost of the
token plunges.

Lack of a Unique Oﬀer
If a project has not set up an incentive and reward system for token holders and the token
oﬀered can only be sold without loss, it means that the token does not have any uniqueness
or value. Holders of such tokens will get rid of them at the earliest possible opportunity and
use them for speculative purposes only.

Discrepancy Between Economic and Social Processes
If the token economy does not meet the reality demands associated with the project. This is
most often the case in projects which are not suitable for tokenization at all.

MAIN CONDITIONS FOR A SUCCESSFUL ICO

Closeness and natural token circulation
Participants should be able and willing to exchange tokens. Without circulation, which is a
must for any eﬃcient ﬁnancial model, success cannot be attained.

Providing Investment Attractiveness
It is the attraction of investing in a token and subsequent possibilities of its use that give conﬁdence in a further increase in the token cost, for example, due to the Community development, growth of the ﬁnancial circulation, market reach, etc. Token closeness to any process
characteristic of the project scale will cause gradual increase in its rate and boost investors’
trust.

20

Proper Integration into Business Processes and Real
Additional Value of the Token Use
Tokens which do not provide any additional value for their holders will never become popular.

21

Ecosystem
TOKENGO ECOSYSTEM
The TokenGo ecosystem ensures the complete closeness of economic and social processes
and meets all the aforementioned present-day requirements in order to succeed and enable
its participants to earn income.
GoPower token owners are by default allowed to participate in producing the project’s
in-house payment cryptocurrency — GoCoins — through the process referred to as Minting.
GoCoin (GOC) is a single payment instrument on the TokenGo platform, a cryptocoin which
is generated daily as a result of minting based on the proprietary, modiﬁed DPoP consensus
algorithm. GoCoin is distributed among the platform participants by a special algorithm and
provides ﬁnancial backing for ICO procedures on the TokenGo blockchain.
GOC coins produced by minting are distributed as follows:
5% are distributed as a reward for Delegates/Miners. The remaining amount is taken as
100% and distributed among GoPower token holders and Activity and Harvesting participants as follows:
During the ﬁrst month of the platform operation, 100% of GOC are distributed among all
GoPower token holders as a reward.
Starting from the second month of the platform operation, 90% of GOC are distributed
among all GoPower token holders and 10% of GOC are distributed among participants
based on Harvesting and Activity results.
Starting from the second year of the platform operation, the amount of GOC to be distributed among all GoPower token holders will be reduced by 10% annually while the amount to
be distributed based on Harvesting and Activity results, will, in its turn, increase by 10%. This
will go on until the ratio of 20% to GoPower token holders and 80% to Activity and Harvesting
participants is achieved.
This mechanism is preconditioned on the monthly increase in the number of participants
involved in Activity and Harvesting processes, which will naturally require an increase in the
total remuneration amount to be distributed. At the same time, the estimated inevitable
growth of the GoPower rate will maintain the attractiveness of rewards in GOC received
from minting and distributed among GoPower holders. Thus, natural regulation of the GOC
distribution will be attained, without the need for any additional emissions.

22
GOC received as a reward by GoPower holders, Delegates, Authors and Curators, can be
used as follows:
- to pay for any products or services provided by the TokenGo platform or projects connected to it, including any online stores, service bureaus and other services;
- to put up for sale on the in-house cryptocurrency exchange;
- to be instantaneously exchanged using a special trading robot;
- to be invested in ICOs of projects connected to the platform to purchase their tokens for
earning extra income in the future.
Originators of projects and business models interested in holding ICO procedures will purchase GOC as the only means of settlement with TokenGo when implementing campaigns
for those projects. This can be either a basic connection to the TokenGo Blockchain involving
emission of their own tokens, or a payment for additional products and services oﬀered by
the platform, such as web design services, creation of customized landing pages, development of DDoS protection or data security solutions, etc.
Third-party investors who do not have their own GoCoins to purchase tokens of the projects
holding ICOs can also purchase the coins through the TokenGo cryptocurrency exchange.
GoCoins received in the course of ICOs can also be disposed of by any means available:
- paying to the TokenGo platform for any current works or services,
- paying for any products or services of other projects connected to the TokenGo platform
such as online stores, service bureaus and other services;
- putting them up for sale on the in-house cryptocurrency exchange.
- exchanging them instantaneously using a special trading robot.
GOC can be purchased using some popular cryptocurrencies or ﬁat money. In order to
enable instantaneous exchange, the TokenGo platform utilizes a proprietary crypto-exchange robot which exchanges necessary currencies in the real-time mode and pays remuneration to sellers in the necessary currency.
Thus, a closed cycle is formed, which continuously maintains the attractiveness of the
in-house coin (GOC) and the GoPower token.

23

Main Components of the
TokenGo Closed Ecosystem
TokenGo Web Platform
TokenGo is a uniﬁed platform with Personal cabinets and systematized
information about services and projects which have already been or are
to be connected, as well as about current ICO procedures and Crowdsale
in those projects (a monitoring platform). Each platform participant can
look through all statistics of his or her activities on the platform: how
many and what kind of tokens have been bought, availability and
amounts of cryptocurrencies in wallets and information on transactions
completed.
Participants can also read news about forthcoming ICOs, act as miners,
take part in bounty campaigns, earn some in-house tokens, improve their
“karma”, use GoCoins to purchase products or services oﬀered on the
platform, connect their own services, purchase an engine to emit their
own tokens and cryptocurrencies, etc.

TokenGo ICO Website Constructor
Entrepreneurs and startup and project initiators obviously need comprehensible and easy-to-launch websites to hold ICO procedures, enabling
easy integration with the crowdfunding blockchain platform. The TokenGo ICO landing page constructor solves this problem to the full extent.
ICO originators are able to ﬂexibly customize their websites to hold ICOs
and promptly, in a few clicks, integrate them into the TokenGo web platform.

TokenGo Smart Contract Constructor
Why are existing blockchain based smart contracts unable to solve the
issue of automation? They lack full integration with the outside world. The
unique TokenGo smart contract constructor simpliﬁes interaction with
the ecosystem and minimizes the impact of the human factor on the ICO
systematization and regulation.

24

TokenGo Cryptocurrency Exchange
The cryptocurrency exchange is an essential component of the TokenGo
ecosystem. Its ﬂexible architecture allows integrating an unlimited
number of currency pairs. An advanced trading page, simpliﬁed balance
checking, intuitive simplicity of the interface and synchronizing with Personal cabinets of the TokenGo web platform facilitate and accelerate
income generation considerably.

TokenGo Voting Harvesting
TokenGo is a blockchain based platform providing fair rewards to its participants. We appreciate each vote and therefore oﬀer a customized modiﬁcation of the DPoS consensus including fair distribution of all produced
GoCoins among GoPower token holders, Authors and Curators who take
an active part in creating media content, voting, writing comments and
reviews.
Harvesting is a crucial element of the ecosystem and plays a great part in the TokenGo Community formation. The economic and social incentives embedded in the GoPower token are able
to motivate the overwhelming majority of participants to perform certain actions aimed at
achieving the shared goal and receiving a timely and fair reward proportional to the contribution made.
Active social networking, along with forming and selecting high quality content, is among the
goals of the Community development.
Any participant can develop the Community by means of creating and posting media content,
reviews, expert judgments, translations, etc. as well as participating in discussions, comments
and voting on diﬀerent issues.
The TokenGo incentive system relies on a customized modiﬁcation of the DPoS consensus
which involves fair distribution of all emitted GoCoins among GoPower token holders and
active participants contributing to the Community development.

25

26

Harvesting
TERMS AND DEFINITIONS
Post – an article, news, review or description published by an Author on the TokenGo platform. A post may or may not contain a link to some media content of a third party resource:
video, audio, photo, etc..
Comment – a participant’s opinion about any published posts or comments on those posts
on the TokenGo platform expressed in writing.
Authors – participants of the TokenGo platform who publish posts and comments. Any
platform participant can try his or her hand as an Author.
Curators - the TokenGo platform participants who vote “for” or “against” the content of any
posts or comments.
Active Curators and Authors – Authors and Curators whose TokenGo Voting Power
value is positive and who have had some Activity over the past settlement period.
Activity – publication of posts, comments and votes under posts and comments published
for all the time.
TokenGo Voting Power – the indicator of the amount of GoPower and GoCoins a participant has.
Voting – the process of casting one’s vote “for” or “against” a post and/or comment put
forward for public discussion.
Voting Power is directly dependent on GoPower and GoCoins held by the participant. The
higher the Power value, the more TokenGo Voting Power this participant has.
The Power of GoPower is 10 times higher than that of GoCoin.
Settling Period – 24 hours after the end of the previous settlement perio.
TokenGo Harvesting – the process of earning money and obtaining rewards by active
Authors and Curators for their contribution to and participation in the platform operation by
certain algorithm and for a particular settling period.
Karma – a parameter indicating the number of the Author’s successful posts taking into
account “likes” (votes “for”) and “dislikes” (votes “against”) for published posts and comments.

27

The procedure of calculating the total amount
of rewards distributed among Harvesting
participants for a settling period:
During 24 hours, 100% GoCoins are produced by means of the minting procedure.
5% of them are distributed among deputies/miners as a reward, based on the DPoP algorithm.
If we take the remaining 95% as 100%, 90% of them are distributed among GoPower holders
as reward.
Thus, 10% remains for Harvesting and Activity.
The amount received for Harvesting and Activity is taken as 100%.
15% of the amount is distributed proportionally among all active Authors and Curators who
published at least one comment, post or vote during the settlement period, as a reward for
their Activity.
The remaining part, 85% of the amount, is distributed among Harvesting participants.
The part remaining after paying remunerations for Activity is taken as 100%.
This is the total amount allocated for the settlement period which is distributed among Harvesting participants as a reward.

Distribution of Remuneration among Harvesting
Participants for a Particular Post/ Comment
50% are distributed to the Author of the post.
25% are distributed to the Authors of comments on particular posts. They are distributed
depending on the number of votes won by each comment, i.e. the more votes a certain comment has, the bigger share of the amount allocated as a reward for this comment is earned
by its Author.
25% are distributed for the votes on posts depending on the voting time and the voters’
current Voting Power. In other words, people who have cast their votes and have higher
Power value receive a bigger amount than those having a lower Power. Curators whose
Power value for the settlement period is equal to zero do not take part in the distribution of
remuneration. The amount also depends on the time of the voting and the sequence. For
example, the ﬁrst voters who voted 30 minutes after the publication earn more than those
who voted at once or were not among the ﬁrst ones.

28
At the same time, there is another rule: each vote cast reduces the Power, i.e. the more a
Curator votes over the settlement period, the weaker his or her vote becomes and the less
GoCoins he or she will receive as a result of distribution. This ensures self-regulation of the
number of votes as it is no use to vote more. Each new voting automatically and proportionally reduces the Curator’s “Power” and, consequently, his or her share in the reward. When
the next settlement period starts, the “Voting Power” is restored.

Additions to Distribution
The amount which participants can see for a particular post or comment is directly dependent on the “Power” of the person who has voted for it. Thus, the more votes from people
having higher Power a post/comment has won, the bigger share of the total distributed
amount is due to the Author. If an Author has won 20 votes from newcomers who do not
have any positive “Power” value at all, no remuneration is accrued. On the other hand, there
may be only one voter – a “whale” with a very high “Power” value Then, the weight of the vote
will be huge and so will be a payout to the Author.
Voting for a post that has just been published is not proﬁtable as only 0.01% of the Curator’s
remuneration will be accrued as a reward. Voting in 15 minutes or later provides up to 50%
of the Curator’s reward while the remainder is accrued to the Author. When voting is started
in 30 minutes or more, remuneration is accrued in full. This rule does not apply to comments.
Votes “for” and “against” have equal force, no diﬀerence is made between “likes” and “dislikes” when voting, and the Curator receives the same amount.
“Dislikes” inﬂuence payouts to the Authors of posts: the higher the “Power” of the participants voting “against” an article, the less the Author will get. The amount deducted from the
Author of the post is then distributed among the Authors of posts having higher rating.

29

Calculation Formulas and Descriptions
Z is the amount of GoCoins which is distributedas a reward between miners:
Z = 0,05 * Q
where Q is the total amount of GoCoins produced by mining for the 24-hour settlement
period.

X is the amount of GoCoins distributed as a reward among the Authors of posts and
comments and Curators (during the ﬁrst months, it will be 0%, and then it will be
increased up to 10% with a possibility of a further increase later):
X = (0.95 * Q) * 0.1
S is the amount of GoCoins which is distributed as a reward for Activity among all
active Authors and Curators:

T is the amount of GoCoins to be received by a particular active Author or Curator:

where N is the total number of active Authors and Curators for the 24-hour settlement
period.
E is the amount of GoCoins for the settlement period which is intended to be distributed for Harvesting:

H is the percentage of the total distributed amount of GoCoins intended to be provided as a reward for a particular post:

30
where A is the total value of the “Power” of all people who voted during the 24-hour settlement period;
C (“Voting Power”) is a particular Curator’s “Power” value;
D is the number of a particular Curator’s votes during the 24-hour settlement period, for
posts and comments separately. In other words, when calculating the “Power” of a participant who has voted for a post, only his or her votes for posts are taken into account, and
when estimating that for a comment, only votes for comments are considered separately:
n is the Curator’s sequence number;
i is the sequence number of the post.
“Dislikes” and votes “against” reduce the amount due to the Author of the post. The amount,
by which the payout to the Author is reduced, is redistributed as reward for other posts.
“Likes” and “dislikes” are equated to votes for posts.
V is the post rating:

where likes power is the total value of the “Power” of those who have voted “for” a particular
post;
dislikes power is the total value of the “Power” of those who have voted “against” a particular
post;
n is the sequence number of the post.
Before H is calculated, posts are ranged in the order of increasing V value:
F is the total amount of GoCoins which Authors and Curators of a particular post will
receive:

I is the amount of GoCoins which is distributed among comments:

31
G is the amount of GoCoins which is distributed among Curators of the post:

K is the amount of GoCoins which the Author of the post will receive:

where B is the amount of GoCoins redistributed to Authors of posts with higher rating
from posts with lower rating;
Y is the amount of GoCoins which the Author of the post will receive as a reward for votes
of the Curators who voted within 30 minutes after the publication of the post.
The amount of GoCoins the Author of the post will earn decreases depending on the
number of “dislikes” received by the post.

“decrease” is a reward for the Author of the post taking into account the voting
results:

K_total is the total amount of GoCoins the Author of the post will earn:

After each calculation, the value of B increases by the diﬀerence between K and K_total and decreases by the amount of the remuneration paid to the Author of the post (B * Hi):

When remuneration for the latest (best) post is calculated, the number of “likes” and “dislikes” is not taken into account, i.e. the payout to the Author is not reduced.

32
M is the percentage of the total amount of GoCoins distributed among comments on
the post, i.e. I is the amount of GoCoins to be distributed among comments intended
for a particular comment on the post:

where O is the total value of the “Power” of the Curators who have commented on the post;
i is the sequence number of the comment.

L is the percentage of the total amount of GoCoins distributed among all people who
have voted for the post, intended for a particular Curator:

where i is the sequence number if the vote;
R (“Voting Power”) is the amount of “power” of all people who have voted;
A particular Curator’s “Power” (“C”) is calculated in advance and is divided by the number of
the Curator’s votes for posts (posts only) for the settlement period.
All votes are ranged in the reverse order (i.e. the last voter becomes the ﬁrst one).
U is the percentage of reduction of the remuneration for a vote depending on its position in the voting:

where W is the sequence number of the vote in the reverse line;
P is the total number of votes for the post.

33
sum_g is remuneration accrued for a particular vote:

G is recalculated after the calculation of a particular vote as follows: G = G - sum_g
and sum_g is calculated based on the new value of G.

If the voting time is immediate after the post creation or within 15 minutes:

the remainder is summed into Y and accrued to the Author of the post.

If the voting time is 15 – 30 minutes:

the remainder is summed into Y and accrued to the Author of the post.

sum_m is the amount accrued for a particular comment:

75% of the sum_m amount is allocated to the Author of the comment, and 25% is distributed
among Curators who voted “for” or “against” the comment.
“Dislikes” reduce the amount received by the Author of the comment. The amount, by which
the payout to the Author is reduced, is redistributed to payouts for other comments. “Likes”
and “dislikes” are equated to votes for comments.

34
Vm is the comment rating:

where likes_powerm is the total value of the “Power” of those who have voted “for” a particular comment;
dislikes_powerm is the total value of the “Power” of those who have voted “against” the comment;
n is the sequence number of the comment.
Before Hm is calculated, comments are ranged in the order of increasing V value.

Fm is the amount of GoCoins the Author of a particular comment will earn:

where Bm is the amount redistributed to Authors of comments, from comments with a
lower rating.
The remuneration due to the Author of the post is reduced depending on the number of
“dislikes”.
decreasem is the percentage of payout to the Author of the comment taking into
account the voting results:

K_totalm is the total amount of GoCoins the Author of the comment will receive as a
reward:

35
After each calculation, Bm is increased by Fm minus K_totalm, and is decreased by the
amount paid to the Author of the comment - (Bm* Mi):

When calculation is made for the latest (best) comment, “likes” and “dislikes” are not taken
into account, i.e. the payout due to the Author is not reduced.

Lm is the percentage of the total amount of GoCoins distributed among those who
have voted for the comment, to be accrued to a particular Curator.

A particular Curator’s “Voting Power” is calculated in advance and is divided by the
number of the Curator’s votes for comments (comments only) for the settlement
period:

where i is the sequence number of a particular vote;
Rm (“Voting Power”) is the total amount of “Power” of all Curators who have voted.
All votes are ranged in the reverse order (i.e. the last voter becomes the ﬁrst one).

Um is the percentage of reduction of the remuneration for a vote depending on its
position in the voting:

where Pm is the total number of votes for the comment;
Wm is the sequence number of the comment in the reverse line.

36
sum_gm is the amount of GoCoins accrued for a particular vote:

Gm is recalculated after calculation of a particular vote by the following formula:

and then, sum_gm is calculated based on the new Gm value.

37

GoPower Token Economy
As has been rightfully mentioned above, apart from paying remunerations
for Harvesting and Activity, up to 90% of the total amount received from
Minting is distributed among the GoPower token holders. Let us consider its deﬁnition, characteristics and economic potential at TokenGo in more detail.

GoPower (GPT)
GoPower is a token emitted on the Ethereum blockchain. GPT is the fundamental highly
liquid unit of the platform and is used for the TokenGo ICO.
The total amount of tokens produced is limited to 700 million GPT. No additional emissions
are provided for.

GoPower Token Cost Growth
Starting from the ﬁrst day of the ICO procedure, the cost of GoPower tokens will increase by
0.5% a day.
The ﬁnal cost of GPT will be ﬁxed on the last day of the ICO.

Distributing Tokens for ICO
The general scheme of distributing the whole amount of emitted GPT is as follows:
Total amount emitted

700 000 000 GPT

Amount put up for free sales

600 000 000 GPT

Reserve for mutual settlements
with strategic partners and
early investors

50 000 000 GPT

Reserve for the development team

30 000 000 GPT

Reserve for distribution during
the Bounty Campaign

20 000 000 GPT

All unused tokens will be destroyed.

4% 3%
7%

86%
PRE-SALE, ICO Investors
Strategic And Early Investors
Team
Bounties

38

ICO
Dates: February - May 2018.
Soft Сap: 10 000 ЕTH.
Hard Сap: 250 000 ETH.
Finished on: either by reaching Hard Cap or upon reaching the end of the ICO.

ICO Bonus Program
Minimum number of GoPower tokens to be purchased – 1 GPT.
All the bonuses are cumulative.

Global Bonuses for ICO
the 1st week of ICO
the 2nd week of ICO
the 3rd week of ICO
the 4th week of ICO

—
—
—
—

30%;
20%;
10%;
5%.

Personal Referral Bonuses for ICO
When purchasing:
Purchase of 100 to 1000 GPT
Purchase of 1001 to 5000 GPT
Purchase of 5001 to 1000 GPT
Purchase of 10001 GPT

—
—
—
—

5% to the invitee and 10% to the inviter.
10% to the invitee and 20% to the inviter.
15% to the invitee and 25% to the inviter.
20% to the invitee and 30% to the inviter.

Accrual of GPT Tokens at ICO Stage
When an amount of GoPower tokens is purchased, their ownership is registered in the electronic (software) form after 3 acknowledgements using Blockchain technology without a
need for any veriﬁcation procedures or providing any identiﬁcation documents.
All purchased tokens become available in the participant’s Personal Cabinet and can be
withdrawn to the participant’s own wallet at any time.
This does not apply to tokens accrued to participants during the bounty campaign. Those
GPT can be withdrawn only after the TokenGo ICO procedure is completed.

39

GoPower Token Potential
The TokenGo consensus utilizes the customized modiﬁed DPoP (Delegated Proof of Power)
algorithm which is based on DPoS/PoW hybrid algorithm. Its speciﬁc features include the
use of a special GoPower token, which is the basis for determining the GoCoin minting priority. The more GoPower a Delegate/ Miner owns, the more GoCoins he or she can receive
during distribution.
Up to 90% of all produced GoCoins will be distributed among GoPower token holders.
Therefore, the main driver of the token cost growth is the possibility of participating in
GoCoin production.
GoPower has paramount importance when distributing GoCoins (GOC) – TokenGo’s
in-house cryptocurrency. Thus, under otherwise equal conditions, the more GPT a participant of TokenGo has on the account when remunerations are accrued, the more coins he or
she will receive to the account as a result of distributing the total amount of GOC produced
by minting.
GoPower provides Voting Power which is 10 times higher than that of GoCoin for earning
income from voting.
The Voting Power is directly dependent on whether a participant has GoPower and
GoCoin. Thus, the higher the Power value, the higher the TokenGo Voting Power this particular participant has when voting.

Use of Tokens after the Completion of the ICO Procedure
After the ICO procedure completion, the TokenGo cryptocurrency exchange will be launched
where GoPower tokens will be freely sold.
GoPower tokens will also be available on other cryptocurrency exchanges acting as TokenGo’s partners.

GoPower Token Migration
After the TokenGo blockchain platform is launched, anyone interested will be able to take
part in the procedure of token migration from the Ethereum platform to the TokenGo blockchain platform at the rate of 1 to 1 where a holder of renewed GPT will have all the speciﬁed
additional options.

40

Monetizing
the TokenGo Platform
The principle of the TokenGo platform monetization is simple and clear.
The basic platform services will always be free of charge for an unlimited number of people
including individuals and legal entities. Chargeable services will be provided on a one-time
basis or by subscription.
The TokenGo platform will charge a commission fee in the amount of 3% of ICO campaigns
raising funds in GOC. The commission fee will be transferred to the TokenGo account after
the campaign is successfully completed. The money will be invested in the platform maintenance and development.
The platform will charge a fee for additional services provided by the platform such as
web-design, creation of customized landing pages, development of DDoS protection and
data security solutions, etc. In most cases, this will be cryptocurrency outsourcing on a mutually beneﬁcial basis.

41

Road Map

I quarter of 2017
Birth of TokenGo idea

II quarter of 2017
Team building
Development of the project concept
Organization of group work and prototype development
White paper

November - December 2017
Starting a campaign bounty
Start PRE-SALE

January - February 2018
Start ICO

42

March - June 2018
End of ICO
TokenGo Light Version Exchange Start
Tokens GoPower can be sold / bought on the TokenGo
exchange and other available exchanges

III quarter of 2018
Release of the Alpha-version of the TokenGo platform
Alpha Testing

IV quarter of 2018
Release of the Beta version of the TokenGo platform
Beta Testing

I quarter of 2019
Oﬃcial launch of the blockchain network,
the web platform and the TokenGo harvesting

43

II quarter of 2019
API integration, Co-development

III quarter of 2019
Attraction of participators and formation
of TokenGo community marketing campaign

IV quarter of 2019
The full operation of the TokenGo ecosystem
Development of community enlargement and
business expansion conception in 2020

44

Conclusion
We develop TokenGo not only in order to create a new unique product based on proprietary
mechanisms developed from scratch but also to reconsider and analyze all that has been
done before. We take the most interesting and promising ideas and revise them to provide
brand-new and highly sought after features!
TokenGo blockchain based business tokenization platform will facilitate introducing startups to the market by means of creating in-house tokens which allow investors to reduce the
time of achieving liquidity and proﬁtability in contrast to currently existing shares. The token
acquires a price immediately after it is sold, and the price is formed freely in the international market. Quickly achieveming liquidity and proﬁtability allows reinvesting in new tokens
which will only boost their growth.
The unique smart contract constructor, which can be customized by the user without much
time or knowledge required, minimizes the impact of human factor when holding ICO procedures.
The economic incentives embedded into the GoPower token economy encourage participants to take actions aimed at developing the Community and achieving the shared goal.
The timely and fair reward for participants which is proportional to their own contribution,
embedded, for example, into the Harvesting procedure, will make participants take a proactive attitude to providing a high rate of the Community’s development in general and generating high-quality media content, in particular.
The secure blockchain based voting system will demonstrate the complete transparency of
processes and the possibility of their veriﬁcation at any time.
Owning highly-liquid tokens will enable participation in the daily distribution of GoCoins produced by minting and increase the participant’s Voting Power.
Instantaneous ﬁnancial payments and transfers, voting widgets, authentication, notarization and certiﬁcation as well many other proprietary and connected options and services are
available for all the TokenGo platform participants.

Tokenizing business.
Earning together!

