TRACTO Whitepaper
Mark Kristov
August, 2017

(v2.0)

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

CONTENT
ABSTRACT

2

1.

INTRODUCTION

2

2.

CRYPTOCURRENCY

2

3.

TRACTO

3

3.1

WHAT IS TRACTO?

3

3.2

THE TECHNOLOGY

3-4

3.3

THE ECOSYSTEM

5

3.3.1
3.3.2
3.3.3
3.3.4
4.

COMMUNITY/MERCHANTS REWARD SYSTEM
INTERNATIONAL REMITTANCE
ONLINE SHOPPING FOR NEW AND PRELOVED ITEMS
MEMBERS TRUST BASED TRANSACTION

TECHNICAL SOLUTION

6

4.1

COMPONENTS

6

4.2

BACKEND SERVICE

6

5.

TOKEN SUPPLY

6

6.

ICO PROCEED DISTRIBUTION

7

7.

OWNERS

7

8.

BUSINESS STRATEGY

7

9.

RISKS

8

10 THE CONCLUSION

8

11 DISCLAIMERS

9-11

REFERENCES

12

Page |1 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

ABSTRACT
With the unprecedented rise of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, new opportunities are
arising in the field of investment. As the traditional type of economy is reshaping its form, the money
will flow into cryptocurrencies, either for the speculative purposes of gaining capital profit or by
supporting projects that are built on decentralised platforms. Importantly, individual investors with
little knowledge of cryptocurrency content do not want to miss opportunities.
1.

INTRODUCTION
The economic model that many governments in the world deploy as we know, are heavily
flawed. The citizens are made to pay the price for something that is beyond their control. The
citizens on the other hand prior to cryptocurrencies, do not have much of a choice but to
continue using the legal tender provided by the government. No real information is provided to
them about the total supply, deflationary or inflationary figures and even the validity of the
statistics provided by the governments are in question.
People on the other hand; contribute to the economy of a country, by using the country specific
currency in their daily trades. Without the daily trades, there is no real value of the currency.
Questions should also be asked if any governments are backing the currencies with any real
assets like gold which used to be the case.

2.

CRYPTOCURRENCY
There are more than 1,000 new cryptocurrencies and assets created which are traded daily.
Some have proven to have gained trust and support among people in the community, whereas
some have ended up in “pump and dump” territory. Still, when analysing the price movement of
100 cryptocurrencies and assets in the first half of 2017, the average yields achieved was as
much as 5,000% and only a limited number of coins yielded negative returns. However, returns
can be misleading and expertise in the investment field as well as an understanding of crypto
coin content is needed to gain optimal exposure into the crypto investment universe.
Cryptocurrencies are evolving investment assets that should not be overlooked by investors who
are willing to diversify their portfolio. Therefore, assets from the new economy are serving as a
natural hedge as they are disconnected from the traditional market and represent an
alternative. Cryptocurrencies can be split into at least two types of assets:
• One group consists of pioneer currencies based on blockchain technology such as Bitcoin.
This type of digital asset serves as an alternative for the transfer of wealth across the globe,
being fully transparent, secure and effective.
• The second group consists of “app tokens” that are more reminiscent of traditional company
shares/securities that can be seen in Ethereum (with ERC20) where the company acts as a
decentralised autonomous organisation. Such organisations have been growing
exponentially in the last year as the community perceives the new economy as similar to the
sharing economy.

Page |2 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

We believe that the second group of cryptocurrencies, better known as “tokens”, with the help
of smart contracts such as the ones used in Ethereum ERC20, will replace the traditional way of
payment for products and services or even beyond just financial transactions. Growing interest
in such assets may promise something big, perhaps a revolution similar to the one the Internet
provided in the early 90s. It is no coincidence that cryptocurrencies especially those running on
ERC20 are coined as Internet 2.0. In the early 90s, there wasn’t an option to invest in a service
such as the Internet. Now, we believe is the best time to ride the wave and not be left behind by
diversifying traditional assets via an investment vehicle in cryptocurrencies.
3.

TRACTO
3.1

What is TRACTO?

We envisioned a new cryptocurrency that can be used everywhere by a peer-to-peer
community that serves the need of the community itself by fulfilling their daily demands.
We call our coin:
TRACTO - Technology for Rapid Anonymous Coin (crypto) Transaction Organisation.
The plan is so that it can be used for daily transactions, with low fees, and hassle free for our
users who value their privacy. Initial target market of users for TRACTO is the Asian market;
then moving globally.
The benchmark that we have set for TRACTO is:
• Secure:
Users are able to use it without doubting the security of the platform.
• Anonymous:
Users are assured that all TRACTO transactions are completely compliant with the Ethereum
platform.
• Fast Transactions:
Transactions are fast with confirmation of a transaction happening within a few seconds.
3.2

The Technology

While historically, TRACTO had its own blockchain with the increasing pressure from authorities
globally for Know Your Customers (KYC) and to ease the creation of the new decentralised
applications running on a blockchain, we have decided to migrate TRACTO to Ethereum ERC20.
So TRACTO is now an ERC20 compliant cryptocurrency running on a private Ethereum
blockchain. The plan is to list TRACTO in a few exchanges in the near future and it will be
introduced to public Ethereum blockchain just before it is being listed.
Ethereum is a decentralised platform that runs smart contracts: applications that runs exactly as
programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third-party interference. In
the Ethereum protocol and blockchain there is a price for each operation. The general idea is, in

Page |3 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

order to have things transferred or executed by the network, you have to consume or burn Gas.
The cryptocurrency is called Ether and is used to pay for computation time and for transaction
fees.
Ethereum based coins rely on a well-established Ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from
several advantages:
•
•
•
•

Security and predictability;
Use of robust and well-supported clients (Ethereum-based coins can be managed with
official Ethereum clients);
Easier listing on exchanges with infrastructure are already in place;
Ethereum smart contracts enable a very transparent and secure way of profit-sharing
among the Coin holders.

Ethereum differs from Bitcoin in 7 main ways:
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

3.3

In Ethereum the block time is set to 14 to 15 seconds compared to Bitcoins 10 minutes. This
allows for faster transaction times.
Ethereum has a slightly different economic model than Bitcoin.
Ethereum has a different method for costing transactions depending on their computational
complexity, bandwidth use and storage needs. Bitcoin transactions compete equally with
each other.
Ethereum has its own Turing complete internal code.
Ethereum was crowd funded whilst Bitcoin was released and early miners own most of the
coins that will ever be mined.
Ethereum discourages centralised pool mining through its Ghost protocol rewarding stale
blocks.
Ethereum uses a memory hard hashing algorithm called Ethash that mitigates against the
use of ASICS and encourages decentralised mining by individuals using their GPU’s.
TRACTO ECOSYSTEM

The real value of any currency is in the number of its users and the usage of the currency in their
daily lives and the volume of the transactions. This is what we truly believe at TRACTO.
Most of the successful digital communities are based on social networking and common interest
such as content sharing, entertainment and ecommerce. In the case of TRACTO, as a privileged
member, the common binding interest is international exchanges among members with the use
of cryptocurrencies. The exchanges can be in the form of international remittance, ecommerce,
and possibly payment medium for unique opportunities or services offered by members and
affiliates.
TRACTO community will be formulated with the following values to attract and maintain high
number of members.
•
•
•
•
•

Page |4 – 12

Reciprocity – member contribute and receive value
Consistency – member should receive consistent financial rewards
Liking – importance of having members attract friends
Cryptocurrency-friendly – opportunity to own and use cryptocurrencies
Scarcity/Privilege – being a member is a privilege

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

The following serves as the key areas in the consumer market space which TRACTO are
developing whereby the cryptocurrency will be fully utilised.
3.3.1

Community/Merchants Reward System

The community will be able to utilise TRACTO in selected stores and both merchants and
members will be rewarded with free TRACTO for every transaction.
There will be a reward mechanism for members participating in online or physical stores.
3.3.2

International Remittance

For members who are working beyond their shores, TRACTO will provide a fast and safe way to
transfer back their funds to their homelands.
Each member could potentially become a mobile remittance agent working across
international borders with minimal remittance cost and maximise its uses via online top-up
system.
3.3.3

Online Shopping for New and Preloved Items

Members will enjoy the benefits of exclusive stores whereby items are from members themselves
in various countries.
3.3.4

Members Trust Based Transaction

The power of peer-to-peer is fully utilised by allowing 3rd party owner to use the peer-to-peer
network to validate any online purchases within the e-commerce site, allowing only trusted
quality products by its members to be available through the site.
4.

TECHNICAL SOLUTION
4.1

Components

The technical solution for the TRACTO consists of three main elements: User interface portal,
backend service for asset management and smart contracts on Ethereum blockchain.
4.2

Backend Service

Backend service is responsible for storing wallet addresses for investors and for interacting
with Ethereum Smart Contracts. It takes the current coin supply from TRACTO smart contracts
and calculates last Coin price based on the fund portfolio asset value. After that, it acts as
an oracle by publishing the latest price of the Coin on the TRACTO smart contract.
5.

TRACTO SUPPLY
Supply of TRT will be limited to Seventy Million Coins Only (70,000,000). Currently the price is
pegged during the ICO period and once it goes to an exchange it will be floated based on
supply and demand.

Page |5 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

From the 70 million coins, 30% will be held by TRACTO for future development whilst the
remanded will be released in blocks.
The 7 major blocks, one after the other.
Block 0
Block 1
Block 2
Block 3
Block 4
Block 5
Block 6
Block 7

30%
19%
16%
13%
10%
7%
4%
1%

21,000,000 (Held By TRACTO)
13,300,000 TRT
11,200,000 TRT
9,100,000 TRT
7,000,000 TRT
4,900,000 TRT
2,800,000 TRT
700,000 TRT

The subsequent block will only be open for sale, once the previous block is 95% sold.

Page |6 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

6.

ICO PROCEED DISTRIBUTION
The breakdown of the proceeds from ICO is as follows:
•
•
•

7.

Operations: 15%
Marketing: 15%
Development of Eco-System Applications and Networks: 70%

OWNERS
The target group of owners consists of individuals who either have some understanding
about the cryptocurrency world or those who mainly want to diversify a small part of their
assets into the new economy.
It is expected that the large majority of people outside the community are still sceptical
about cryptocurrencies and that it will take time to gain support among them. Nevertheless,
inflated equity valuations, negative yields and a lack of alternative opportunities to invest in
the current environment will force investors to take part in cryptocurrencies and businesses
created upon blockchain technology.
The exponential rise of blockchain technology used in real businesses is already delivering
visible value-added effects to the economy. Undoubtedly such a revolution, although
gradual, will not be overlooked by the retail investors.

8.

BUSINESS STRATEGY
The primary business focus is on solutions that enable the essential autonomous infrastructure
for supranational economy: decentralised computation, data storage and communications,
decentralised exchanges, investment solutions, prediction markets, pegged assets protocols,
cross chain gross settlement systems, identity protocols, DAO and smart contract frameworks,
reputation systems and social networks.
In practice, creating an index which will be implied in the TRACTO portfolio structure is usually
done by setting a structure according to market capitalisation of known currencies.

Page |7 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

Being the most dominant currency by market cap, Bitcoin recently had a market share of
around 50% of all portfolios. That is why certain limits have to be imposed on the structure.
Market cap should not be the only factor affecting the index structure. Traded volume
should play an important role, as well as the “free float” of the currencies.
The TRACTO weighted by its market cap targets conservative owners. Note however, that
cryptocurrencies such as these have extremely high volatility in practice compared to
traditional financial instruments and are without a doubt, risky investments. Daily volatility
(standard deviation) in many cases exceeds 10%. On the other hand, cryptocurrencies have
very low correlation (in many cases close to 0) when compared with one another. This is a
very positive sign for fund efficiency at delivering risk diversification.
Seeking the optimal structure of the TRACTO portfolio is more art than science. As
mentioned, currencies should be added to the portfolio based mostly on their market cap
by applying some limitations.
Once the portfolio structure rules are set, rebalancing rules should be defined. Namely, the
TRACTO structure becomes very dynamic with the daily movement of prices, and the
structure can become a non-representative of the market. Some currencies could add a lot
of value and gain weight, whereas some lose it.
9.

RISKS
Any investment carries a significant risk. Purchasers and fund managers are exposed to the
following risks: inherent risk, loss risk, theft risk, regulatory risk, miscomprehension risk. By
sending Bitcoins or any Altcoins to any address the owners agree that he or she understands
and accepts these risks and potential losses of all funds without a possibility to restore. Fund
managers do not hold any risks except for risk of losing personal investments.

10. CONCLUSION
The consumer market in Asia is booming, with the rapid rise in income of people from
countries like China, India, Indonesia and especially Vietnam. This has opened up a new
opportunity to maximise and leverage on each other’s strength through peer-to-peer
community powered by a cryptocurrency. The members will enjoy additional benefit from
their typical daily transactions by joining this movement. TRACTO will pave the way to
empower the community forward. Come and join us today.

Page |8 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

11. DISCLAIMER
TRACTO appreciates your interest in its products and/or and your visit to this TRACTO.ORG. By
using and/or accessing this Website, you hereby agree to and accept the terms and conditions
in this legal disclaimer. TRACTO may vary these terms and conditions at any time and your
continued use and/or access of this Website constitutes your acceptance of the varied terms
and conditions.
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this Website.
11.1

Conditions of Access. By accessing this Website and using the materials made available
on this Website by TRACTO, you agree, acknowledge and accept to be bound by the
terms and conditions set out below. Neither the information, nor any opinion contained in
this Website constitutes a solicitation. The information and materials including the terms
and conditions in this Website may be modified, deleted or replaced from time to time
and at any time at the discretion of TRACTO.
We do not warrant that this Website will always be accessible uninterrupted, timely,
secure, error free or free from computer virus or other invasive of damaging code. TRACTO
is not liable in manner to you or to any person claiming though you whomsoever, for any
losses, damages (direct or indirect), costs, liabilities, expenses, claims or demands resulting
from any delays, inaccuracies or errors in the information or in its transmission.

11.2

Reproduction and Linking. To encourage a wider promotion and distribution of the
products and/or services available on this Website but subject to Clause 4 below, TRACTO
would have no objection for users to disseminate or reproduce the materials or part of the
materials on this Website, provided that TRACTO is duly acknowledged and that the redissemination or reproduction is for a non-commercial purpose (e.g. all related webpages
should carry no advertisement of a commercial nature). Such consent is not however
applicable to materials produced by other organizations or websites, which own the
copyrights.
Users who link from this Website to websites provided by other organizations shall be aware
that the information on those websites has been compiled and issued by those
organizations. TRACTO accepts no responsibility for the contents of any website to which a
hypertext link from this Website establishes and shall not be liable for any loss or damages
whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption,
loss of information, infringement of copyrights) arising out of the use of or inability to use
this Website.

11.3

Accuracy of this Website. While every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this
Web site and every effort made, the accuracy of information mentioned in this Website
are subjected to changes and differences. We shall not be liable for any errors or
omissions that may remain and any losses or inconveniences incurred as a result of such
changes or differences.

Page |9 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

This Website may contain inadvertent inaccuracies or typographical errors. These will be
corrected at TRACTO’s discretion, as they are found. The information on this Website is
updated regularly, but inaccuracies may remain or occur where changes occur between
updates. TRACTO excludes any obligation or responsibility for this content.
Part of this Website contains materials are contributed by other organizations. TRACTO
shall not be responsible for any error, omission or misrepresentation in such materials.
11.4

Intellectual Property Rights. No part of this Website shall be reproduced for any
commercial purposes without the permission from TRACTO. The content, text, images,
graphics, sound files, animation files, video files, and their arrangement on this Website are
all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not
be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or
reposted to other sites. This Website may contain images or content whose copyrights are
owned by or whose moral rights are attributable to third parties.
All terms mentioned in this Website that are known to be registered trademarks,
trademarks or service marks are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of
TRACTO and their respective owners (for third party marks). For third party marks, Media
Pima Berhad cannot attest to the accuracy of this information. Use of a term in this
Website should not be regarded as affecting the validity of any registered trademark,
trademark, or service mark. Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks and service marks
(whether registered, unregistered or pending registration) on this Website are owned or
licensed by, or to, TRACTO and its group of companies; including marks, names, logos,
symbols and emblems.
No patent liability is assumed with respect to the information contained herein.
TRACTO has sought to achieve an innovative and informative website. However, you also
need to understand that TRACTO must protect its intellectual property rights, including
without limitation its copyright and trademarks (whether or not the foregoing rights are
registered, unregistered or pending registration). Accordingly, please appreciate that no
licence or right of any kind whatsoever to use the intellectual property rights of TRACTO
and/or its group of companies or the intellectual property rights of third parties have been
granted by this Website.

11.5

Warranties and Liabilities. This Website (including the services, information and content
therein) is provided on an "as is" basis and to the fullest extent permitted by law is without
warranty of any kind whatsoever, whether express or implied, including without limitation
any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for use, fitness for a particular purpose
and/or non-infringement of third party rights. In addition, any warranties, whether express
or implied, statutory or otherwise, in relation to use, access, operation, availability,
continuity or non-interruption of this Website are hereby excluded to the fullest extent
permitted by law.
While the information and content on this Website is believed to be accurate, it may
contain errors or inaccuracies. To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will
TRACTO be liable for any loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including without
limitation economic loss, loss of income, profits or goodwill, direct or indirect, incidental,
consequential, exemplary, punitive, general or special damages) suffered or incurred by
you or any other person or entity, howsoever arising whether in contract, tort, negligence,

Page |10 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

or any other legal theory, and whether or not TRACTO is advised of the possibility of such
damages, in connection with or as a result of this Website, including but not limited to the
following:
1. use and/or access (or inability or delay in the use and/or access) of this Website;
2. any content or information made available on this Website (including any errors,
omissions or inaccuracies thereof);
3. any content or information made available on this Website infringes the rights of any
third party,
4. any intrusion or any attack by any person, hardware, software, virus, Trojan horse,
worm, malware and/or macros or other harmful components arising from any use
and/or access of this Website;
5. any websites (including the content therein) maintained by third parties, which are
accessible via a link from or to this Website; and/or
6. any unauthorised access to or alterations of your transmission or data.
In addition, TRACTO is not responsible for the contents of websites that are maintained by
third parties and therefore shall not be liable or responsible for any links from this Website
to other websites.
11.6

Severance. If any provision of this legal disclaimer is held to be illegal or invalid under
present or future laws or regulations effective and applicable, such provision shall be fully
severable and this legal disclaimer shall be construed as if such illegal or invalid provision
had never comprised a part of this legal disclaimer and the remaining provisions of this
legal disclaimer shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal
or invalid provision or by its severance from this legal disclaimer.

11.7

Indemnity. You agree to indemnify TRACTO its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensor harmless
from any claim or demand including solicitor so fees made by any third-party due to or
arising out of your use of this website, violation of any of these terms and conditions.

11.8

Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This legal disclaimer shall be deemed to be made in UK
and shall for all intents and purposes be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of UK.

Page |11 – 12

TRACTO Whitepaper 2.0

REFERENCES
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

https://news.bitcoin.com/
www.coindesk.com/information/what-is-ethereum/
www.coindesk.com
www.ethnews.com/erc20-the-ethereum-token-standard
www.ethnews.com/news
https://cryptonomics.org/

Page |12 – 12

