By Tratok

T H E W O R L D ’ S T R A V E L T O K E N

Tratok

White paper
Published by the Tratok association members

contents
Introduction----------------------------------------------

Page 3

Importance of the travel and tourism industry--

Page 4

Existing problems--------------------------------------

Page 5

Lack of transparency on costs----------------------

Page 5

Foreign currency exposure -------------------------

Page 6

Transaction fees ---------------------------------------

Page 7

Delays with payment and refunds -----------------

Page 8

The inefficient “Middleman” -------------------------

Page 9

The time cost and delay of form filling -----------

Page 9

Communication problems ---------------------------

Page 10

Fraud -----------------------------------------------------

Page 11

Tratok solves all of these problems ---------------

Page 11

The application -----------------------------------------

Page 12

About the Tratok token -------------------------------

Page 12

Why the project is likely to succeed --------------

Page 13

The core team

--------------------------------------

Page 14

Plan of Action: Original Concept ------------------

Page 17

Plan of Action: March 2018 Update --------------

Page 18

Current Roadmap: January 2019 Update -------

Page 19

Tratok does things differently to succeed -------

Page 20

Current Circumstances: Updated June 2019 --

Page 24

The UAE: The perfect launch ground ------------

Page 25

The Pilot Clients – Soft Launch---------------------

Page 26

Coin Distribution ---------------------------------------

Page 27

Conclusion ----------------------------------------------

Page 28

Supplementary information -------------------------

Page 29

Disclaimer -----------------------------------------------

Page 30

2

By Tratok

introduction

By Tratok

3

The aim of this publication is
to highlight the potential for
improving the way that
bookings can be made in the
travel and tourism industry.
Despite the sector's vital
importance, there remain
several inefficiencies which
have remained unaddressed
for too long. This paper will
attempt to explain, in simple
terms, why the sector is of
great importance, summarize
the existing problems and
propose a viable solution. By
doing this, we demonstrate
how
the leveraging
of
blockchain technology can be
used to create a relevant app
powered by a single global
token which can revolutionise
the industry in a sustainable
way which is mutually
beneficial for all relevant
stakeholders.

Importance of the travel and
tourism industry
The importance of travel and tourism to the global economy cannot be overstated. A
major driver of global growth, the sector directly contributed 2.6 trillion US dollars
to Global GDP in 2016. The contribution looks even more impressive when one
considers that indirect contributions amounted to in excess of 7.6 trillion US dollars
and the industry can be credited with providing 292 million jobs (World Travel &
Tourism Council, 2017).

Despite the already leviathan size of
the sector, it shows no signs of
slowing down. According to the
World Travel & Tourism Council,
expenditure in the sector is
forecasted to grow by approximately
3.9% per annum over the next
decade. During the same period, it
is forecasted that 23% of all new
jobs created will be supported by
travel and tourism resulting in a total
of 380 million jobs. To put this into
perspective
that
would
be
approximately one ninth of global
employment.
Should
these
forecasts hold true, it means that
not only will this sector outperform
other sectors but by 2027 it will
contribute 11.4% of global GDP.
The facts and figures speak for
themselves and show the vital
economic
significance
and
opportunities that travel and tourism
present. Should we take the
financial aspects of the sector to the
side, there is a multitude of other
reasons why the sector is important
to modern society. With the world
getting smaller due to ease of
transport and affordability, the
importance of awareness and
appreciation of different cultures
and societies continues to grow by
the day. As the world opens more

and becomes a larger melting pot of
multiculturalism, travel can be
expected to play a vital role in the
appreciation and understanding of
each other. Therefore it is a duty of
humanity to make access to
international travel more efficient
and lower thresholds to ensure
wider access to all. In recent years,
the industry has made effective use
of leveraging new technologies in
order to enhance stakeholder
experience. To put this into clearer
perspective according to our
conducted
surveys
89%
of
Americans prefer booking hotels
online and 84% preferred booking
vacation transport online. Analysis
of these trends shows that the path
of least resistance is for the
continued growth of online bookings
due to the comparative ease in
contrast with traditional methods. In
short, stakeholders in this sector are
open to evolving with the times and
embracing the new methods of
arranging their travel if it results in a
better user experience and is more
time and cost efficient. This means
that any disruptive or gamechanging technology is more likely
to be embraced rather than resisted
by its intended user base.

4

By Tratok

Existing
problems

By Tratok

5
Lack of
transparency on
costs
Unfortunately, it is often the case that the price
presented to an individual is not the final price that the
consumer is asked to pay. Often when making a
reservation online the initial total cost is hidden from
the client until they have gone through the whole
process and effectively are at the final check out. It is
only then, after they have committed much of their
time to filling out information and perfecting their
reservation, which they are presented with the genuine
cost. This is not only misinformation but is also time
consuming.

Despite the total economic value of
the travel and tourism sector, there
are several shortcomings which have
yet to be solved in an acceptable
manner. These issues affect the vast
majority of stakeholders but due to the
benefit that it provides other
stakeholders, embracing the new
efficient technology has been delayed.
This is happening to the benefit of the
“Middleman” and financial service
providers, coming at the expense of
service
providers
and
service
consumers. Let us consider a few of
these problems and highlight how they
cause problems. It becomes quickly
apparent that these problems all have
a simple common solution.

Regularly the consumer will change their mind when
they see that fees are substantially higher than what
they initially believed in. This represents an even
greater problem when one considers that different
countries and different services will be subject to
different fees. Indeed, holidaymakers will usually
choose one destination over another based on price
without knowledge that the price will substantially
change. This can be further complicated when prices
are displayed in different currencies. Having a
standard full price at the initial selection would not only
be the fairest way to display the genuine cost but
would also allow consumers to make a more informed
decision when choosing a destination and a service.

The existing and ineffective current pathway:
Searches for hotel
booking (e.g. in
London for three
nights)

Prices displayed
are not the final
price

Client makes
selection

Client
The client now
has to make
another selection

The client’s time
has been wasted

Client now sees
price is
sometimes 2030% greater than
expected

The client’s user
experience was
poor

The efficient pathway:
Searches for hotel
booking (e.g. in
London for three
nights)

Full prices
displayed from
available venues

Client makes
selection and
reserves

Client

Foreign currency
exposure
Due to fluctuations in currencies, in conjunction with
mark-ups that financial institutions provide on foreign
currency transactions, purchases in a non-local
currency affect the consumers and the suppliers
substantially. This is particularly true for hotel chains
and airlines that provide services on a global scale as
it leaves them prone to swings in currency valuation.
This has significant impacts on their P&L. Having a
standard currency or token would not only eliminate
the need to pay significant conversion fees but would
also minimise the risk of exposure to significant
fluctuations in currency. Such a universal token would
effectively ensure a more accurate representation of
income for the supplier and expense for the consumer.
By Tratok

By Tratok

Transaction fees
Online reservations, despite the client doing the
majority of the work, have significant transaction
fees. Among these fees include charges imposed
by payment gateway providers (Visa, American
Express etc.) and affiliates. This cost is usually
hidden from the consumer, but the core fact is that
they exist and burden the consumer and the service
provider. Such fees are also unbalanced. The
process of making a booking is universal. To
process a form should not cost $X for one booking

7

and $2X for another booking quite simple because
one service is more expensive. Fees need to be
standard, fair and transparent. With the existence of
blockchain, transaction fees would be transparent
and minimal. There is no longer an excuse why
transaction fees should be so high. They do not
benefit either the consumer or the provider of the
service who are the most important stakeholders in
the sector.

Delays with
payment and
refunds

Issues with the reclamation of payments for cancellation has
remained a consistent problem with electronic reservations. This is
for a multitude of reasons, the main one being the multiple parties
involved in the processing of any such refund. For example, the
financial institutions will charge fees, then the service provider has
to decide how to handle the processing of the refund with regards
to how much of the commission they have offered the
“Middleman”. There is also the issue that if it was a foreign
currency transaction, the client will once again lose a few percent
of the transaction on the reverse trade. To add further insult to
injury, many service providers will also charge their own
cancellation fees and can take up to 30 working days to issue a
refund. This is far from ideal. The unfortunate outcome is that it is
not unusual for a consumer who has requested a refund to find
themselves reimbursed a month later with only a fraction of what
they paid and as a result have every right to be discontent with the
outcome. Aside from the inconvenience of this unfair practice, it is
damaging for the industry. Having a simple one path gateway with
minimum and transparent transaction fees and an almost
instantaneous execution time will ensure that any refunds in the
future would be almost instantaneous and with minimal
inconvenience and minimal loss of funds. With the technology
being available at the moment, it lacks all logic that this transition
has not yet happened as it is more cost-effective and convenient
for both the consumer and the service provider.

I need a refund
due to a
cancellation

Service provider
contacts merchant
and their financial
service provider

Time delays and
increased costs

The client now
has to make
another selection

Merchant contacts
their financial
service provider

Client

After great effort,
only a fraction of
the refund
received up to a
month late

The efficient pathway:
I need a refund
due to a
cancellation

Service provider
processes refund
Client

>90% of refund
issued within 24
hours

By Tratok

The inefficient “Middleman”
In the 21st century, the majority of us are
capable of finding information for ourselves.
It defies logic that there should still be a
“Middleman” charging large commissions for
information that we are able to retrieve with a
few clicks of the mouse. By having a platform
which will directly connect the consumer and
provider with a standardised and transparent
minimal fee, transaction costs will be
significantly reduced. This will result in a
lower cost for the buyer and greater profit for
the service provider. It is nonsensical that
despite all transactions having the same
effort to process that the price model reflects
the value of the transaction rather than the
process itself. There should be one flat fee
which is transparent and which is shown to
all parties involved in transactions. This is
the fairest way to do things in a free market
and it has to be the way forward because
consumers will no longer tolerate being
overcharged for minimal efforts on the part of
“facilitators”.

It is not unusual for online travel agencies
(OTA’s) to leverage their power to impose
uncompetitive terms on service providers,
including but not limited to:
•
•
•
•

•

Up to 30% commission on revenue.
Up to 180 days delay on payment of
trade receivables.
Demanding control of up to 70% of
inventories.
Forcing rate parity (Where the provider
cannot charge lower than the price set by
the OTA).
Mass sell offs of inventory at hugely
discounted prices.

9

At present this is the course of many a legal
dispute in multiple regions in the world and
has even resulted in penalties from
organisations such as the Federal Cartel
Office. In short, this behaviour is toxic to the
industry and is a hindrance to the growth and
prosperity of a healthy tourist ecosystem.

The time cost and delay of form filling
Filling out personal details and payment details over and over again is not only time consuming but
also annoying. This is particularly true if one is “always on the road”. By storing client details on the on
an app which utilizes blockchain, they are attached with every payment. This eliminates the mundane
task of filling out forms and allows the client to focus on more important things.

By Tratok

The existing and ineffective current pathway

Client

Client makes a reservation

Client has to fill out their personal information

Time has been wasted

Client has to enter their payment information

Reservation is made

The efficient pathway:

Client makes a reservation and sends payment
from their connected wallet

10

Communication problems
Communication
remains
another shortcoming. Whether
you are getting in contact
regarding a cancellation, a
refund or for any other
reason, it can be frustrating to
connect to the relevant person
who can solve your problem.
This
complication
can
increase for a multitude of
reasons. Perhaps you did not
make a booking directly and
therefore you have to speak
tour travel agent or third party
website which then has to
relay your desired changes,
often failing to make the
correct amendments. Perhaps
you do not have all of the
information available and the
service is having trouble
finding your booking. In many

cases it simply a matter of
time and effort as it can be
very expensive and timeconsuming to try to reach
someone over the phone
when you're on the other side
of the world. A platform in
which the client could directly
leave comments or request
for existing bookings would
solve this problem with
immediate effect. It should be
as simple as selecting the
booking in the platform,
entering your requirement and
waiting for the relevant party
to reply. This would save the
client time, funds and be less
stressful for all stakeholders.

By Tratok

By Tratok

Fraud
The industry is riddled with fraud which influences multiple stake holders.
Just to name a few examples of such fraud:
• Review fraud, where service providers hire firms to leave fake reviews
of competitors and positive reviews of themselves.
• Credit card fraud, where payments are made without consent of the
card holder.
• Phishing attempts where fraudulent websites pose as legitimate service
providers.
With 55 million fraudulent bookings in the U.S. alone in 2017, it is clear that
the financial impact of this issue has a significant impact on the industry. By
verifying all transactions via blockchain, it becomes possible to easily
ensure that reviews are left by only genuine clients, while bookings are free
from fraud and abuse.

11

Tratok solves all of these
problems
The Tratok token can solve all of these problems by powering a purpose
designed multi-platform application which can link consumers with suppliers.
Both stakeholders will register and be matched appropriately in the digital
marketplace via a self-improving (machine learning) AI. Real-time prices would
be offered to be settled at the time with all fees and transaction costs displayed
from the start for full transparency. In addition to this service providers maintain
full contact and ownership of their bookings, are subject to minimal transaction
fees and receive trade receivables in a matter of hours rather than weeks or
months. Combined with a massive reduction in fraud, such a revolution is not
only productive to industry health, but also the next revolutionary step. In an
environment of rising costs and increasing competitions, an increase in profit
margins and faster cash turnovers will result in the industry thriving. Tratok
strives to take this further and be more than just a token, but rather an entire
ecosystem that is powered by blockchain.

The Application
Client’s information is already attached to the token.
Prices displayed fully including all costs.

Client
Various offers to match
client queries

Client

Client

Service providers have offers listed in the data base
Client can view specific orders
to cancel, amend as required
with minimal hassle

12

About the Tratok token
The token, Tratok will
be
an
ERC20
compliant usage token
based on Ethereum
with 5 decimal places,
the
lowest
volume
being 0.00001. This
allows us to take
advantage
of
Ethereum’s
Greedy
Heaviest
Observed
Subtree
(GHOST)
protocol, allowing for

faster block creation
times
without
endangering
the
integrity or security of
the blockchain. This
results in faster and
safer transactions.
Further information on
Tratok circulation and
distribution
will
be
revealed later in this
paper.

By Tratok

By Tratok

Why the project is
likely tosucceed
Tratok is going to RAM the industry and shake its
foundations. It is Relevant, Adoptable, Mutually
beneficial.
Relevant:
•

The project addresses real problems and fixes them
with a viable solution.

•

The project is focused on a growth industry that has
staying power. The travel and tourism sector will be
ever present and continue to grow with an
expectation that it will contribute 11.7% of global
GDP by 2027.

•

The team assembled for the project have the
necessary expertise and industry connections to
maximise the chances of success. More information
on the team members will be available on the Tratok
website and later in this paper.

Adoptable:

13

•

The technology exists for the App to be created
across multiple platforms.

•

Free participation lowers barriers to entry.

•

Statistics show that in clients in the travel and tourism
industry are happy to embrace new technology if it
enhances their experience. E.g. 89% of Americans
prefer booking hotels online and 84% preferred
booking vacation transport online.

•

Rational clients will embrace the new App for the
simplicity and economic benefits.

•

Rational suppliers will embrace the new App for the
economic benefits and access to a wide pool of
global consumers.

•

Initial consumers will rush to the app for the rewards
granted to early adopters. (More information is
available in coin distribution below).

Mutually Beneficial:
•

More economical for all stakeholders.

•

More time efficient for all stakeholders.

•

Project management's financial success is closely
tied to the success of the project, with no sell clauses
on their token holdings (see coin distribution).

•

The project will earn revenue based on flat and
transparent transactions per fee, charged in Tratok.
Therefore the company's success is directly tied to
ensuring superior stakeholder user experiences to
ensure the service continues to be used.

The Core Team
With decades of experience leading some of the world’s most important Banks and Multi-National
companies, Mr. Paillart’s experience, guidance and industry connections are of immeasurable
value to the Tratok Project. Philippe Paillart is CEO and President of SIN RONG, an investment
and advisory company based in Singapore, and operating in Europe, Asia, and Australia, as well
as a partner of MOTET, an international advisory group focusing on financial services. He is also
Chairman of LINK Financial and OneEmpower.
Mr. Paillart is the former CEO and vice chairman of DBS Bank, Singapore’s largest Bank. Prior to
that, he served as Chairman and CEO of Ford Credit and Ford Financial Services (the biggest
finance company in the world).
Philippe Paillart
Chairman

He created Citibank Personal Banking, the first global retail organisation within Citibank, served
on the board of Citibank Germany (the largest and most profitable franchise in Europe), Standard
Chartered Bank and Standard Chartered Group, directly responsible for Retail Banking and
Group Strategy.
Mr. Paillart graduated from the Paris Business School (ESCP) with major in Accounting &
Finance.
He is a graduate of the Paris University (Law School) and received a PMD from Harvard
University. He then followed an early planning and marketing career at Renault with eight years
in business leadership roles in banking and finance across Asia, Europe, and the US.

Dr Tariq Bin Hendi

Tariq Bin Hendi is the Executive Vice President and Head of Products & Advisory, Retail
Banking & Wealth Management at Emirates NBD Group. Tariq previously served as the CEO of
Emirates NBD Asset Management and in an acting-CIO role for Emirates NBD. He has over 18
years of experience, with a primary focus on asset management, private equity and investment
banking. Prior to his current role, Tariq held various roles at Commercial Bank of Dubai,
Mubadala, Citigroup, Dubai Holding, Delta Airlines and UPS. He currently sits on the boards of
AXA GCIC, DGCX, and ENBD REIT. He holds a PhD in Economics from Imperial College
London (UK) as well as graduate degrees from Columbia University (USA) and London
Business School (UK), and an undergraduate degree from Clayton State (USA).

Senior Advisor

As Corporate Vice President for Cisco’s Global Public Sector, Amr is responsible for
implementing Cisco’s vision to enable the digital transformation of those who serve, protect, and
educate. Amr drives Cisco’s global strategy and go-to-market for Federal Government, State &
Local Government, Education, Defense, Public Safety, Healthcare, Utilities and Transportation.
Leading this $12B business, Amr oversees all Cisco’s functions to deliver profitable growth,
increase market share, drive Cisco’s architectural priorities and improve Cisco’s overall position
in the Public Sector.

Amr Salem
Senior Advisor

Prior to this role, Amr was Cisco’s Global Managing Director for Smart Cities and IoT for Public
Sector. In this role, Amr managed a global team that developed a strong GTM strategy for smart
cities and the IoT portfolio. Amr grew this business from incubation stage to $1B, where Cisco
enjoys a market-leading position.

Prior to this role, Amr was Global Managing Director for Emerging Solutions Go-to-Market,
leading sales for solutions in education, healthcare, building automation, and smart cities. Before
that, he was Director Public Sector for the Emerging Markets, leading sales across Eastern
Europe, Middle East, Africa, and LATAM. He came to this role after leading Cisco’s business as
General Manager for the North Africa and Levant regions in the Middle East.
Prior to joining Cisco in 2006, Amr held the Middle East regional General Management and Sales
leadership roles for Hewlett Packard, Compaq and Digital Equipment Corporation.
Amr has been a member of the Young Presidents Organization for several years and is currently
the Chairman of Emirates Chapter in Dubai. He also advises many tech entrepreneurs around
the world.
Amr has a BSc in Electrical Engineering from Cairo University, lives in Dubai with his wife and
three children, speaks English, French and Arabic, and enjoys many outdoor sports.
By Tratok

By Tratok

Mohammed Altajir currently works for Emirates NBD, the largest bank in Dubai. In his current
role, Mr Altajir serves as the Manager of FX Analytics and Product Development within
Wholesale Banking’s Research team. His main focus is on the major FX pairs with a strong
emphasis on accurate forecasting. This is achieved via combining traditional fundamental and
technical analysis with cutting-edge technologies such as sentiment miners, big data and
computer-enhanced algorithms to identify market trends and risks. In his secondary role, Mr
Altajir oversees the enhancement of research and informational awareness through the leverage
of custom designed AI and machine learning technologies to add new capabilities to support the
bank’s business functions.
Mohammed Altajir
Custodian

Combining his background in research and strategy with his strong regional business
connections, Mohammed lends additional support to the project by advising on strategic
partnerships and giving crucial insights into the project’s direction.

Rohit has extensive operational and financial experience within the Retail Industry across MENA,
Asia Pacific and Europe. He has been instrumental in bringing some of the well-known American
F&B and Apparel brands to the MENA region. Rohit has also lead on multi-billion dollar
acquisition projects across MENA and Europe, covering retail and FMCG. In his previous roles,
Rohit has managed total P&L portfolios with revenues exceeding USD 4.0 billion spanning 24
countries and 4 continents.

Rohit Kohli
Chief Financial Officer

Prior to the current role, Rohit was the CFO for Pasha Group Azerbaijan where he oversaw the
strategic development of the FMCG landscape across the country. He played a key role in
introducing an award-winning FMCG concept to the market, Bravo, which reported revenues in
excess of USD 1.0 billion after completion of its 3rd year of operations.
Rohit holds a Masters Degree from Edinburgh Business School, UK and is also a member of the
Chartered Institute of Management Accountants.

Omar Hussein has over than fifteen years of work experience in Information Technology and
Ecommerce.
He has founded successful startups across multiple sectors including Technology, E-commerce
and Smart home automation.
He is a business professional and serial entrepreneur with extensive successful experience in
Business Development, Sales and Management. Market development through distribution
channels. During his career at Hewlett-Packard he ranked in the top 3% of the company’s global
employees.
Omar Hussein
Chief Technology Officer

His latest project is Home Bazar, an online marketplace empowering independent sellers and
makers who create unique products from home.

Nicholas Paillart brings with him over 10 years of Loyalty and Payments background to the Team
with a career spanning across Europe, South East Asia and the Middle East. As a Director at
Singapore’s largest Loyalty and Payments Provider, Nicholas was instrumental in setting up and
managing some of Asia’s largest loyalty programs in Travel, Hospitality and Banking, before
bringing the Platform to the Middle East where it formed the backbone for the Middle East’s first
network dining loyalty program. Nicholas was also hired by MasterCard’s Card Services to
secure Travel and Hospitality network cardholder privileges for the Elite and World Elite
programs.
Nicholas Paillart

Director of Corporate
Social Responsibility

Member of the Rotary Club of Dubai and Regional Manager for the Bring Hope Humanitarian
Foundation, Nicholas does not hesitate to leverage his network to secure Medical and
Humanitarian Aid for displaced peoples across the Middle East and Africa.
Nicholas is Delegate General of the Souvenir Français, a public utility organization dedicated to
honoring and transferring the memory of those who gave their life for France.

Mustafa serves as a key developer for Tratok’s Machine Learning algorithm which is
responsible for efficiently matching consumers with appropriate services. A holder of a
BSc in Mathematics and an MSc in Applied statistics from the University of London,
Mustafa has had an interesting career over the last few years.

Mustafa Kasdi

In his previous roles, Mustafa has worked as a data scientist for Aquila Insight (Merkle).
In this capacity, he enabled clients including Uber, Renault, Sony and Wilko to gain a
competitive advantage by helping them translate data into strategic options. Mr Kasdi has
also worked with RenMoney MFB Limited, building scorecards that help determine
customer loan default behaviour and therefore enhance credit risk models.

Data Scientist and
Machine Learning
Developer

16

By Tratok

By Tratok

Plan of Action: Original Concept
August 2017
(Defunct as of March 2018)

November 2017

1

Complete sector feasibility
Identify suitable development
team and advisors

January 2018

2

Complete whitepaper
summary to the projects
ambitions

February 2018

3

Set up the website, finalize
teams and generate the
tokens.

April 2018

17

4

First ICO

June 2018

5

Second ICO
Finalize strategic
partnerships

October 2018

6

List on major exchanges
Set up marketing efforts and
campaigns

November 2018

7

Begin development of multi-platform
application and set up the company that
owns the APP’s intellectual property

June 2019

8

Launch the application for
consumer use

Plan of Action when implemented
Updated March 2018

The Tratok project exists to make travel more
accessible. The project aims to address
shortcomings in the industry by leveraging
blockchain technology to eliminate fraud, hidden
transaction costs, excessive commissions from
financial service providers and online middle mean,
and ensure a transparent marketplace with fast
booking times and efficient approaches to
amendments and refunds.

done due diligence with regards to project team
profiles, partners, media coverage or even legal
set up. The team are Tratok is concerned that they
are mainly focused on making fast gains and less
concerned with the long-term health of the industry.
This is behaviour that can neither be supported nor
sponsored by those who believe in the disruptive
capability of blockchain and the long-term benefits
it can bring to the world.

The world-renowned team behind the project
believe in the power of blockchain technology to
revolutionise the existing sector models and have
demonstrated that they can increase service
provider profitability by more than 30% while at the
same time resulting in lower costs for consumers.
However, the same feasibility studies also
demonstrated that in order to impact the industry
with the desired effect, widespread adoption of the
token was required. It was under this philosophy
that the original strategy was formulated to partner
with a notable exchange and distribute tokens at
fixed intervals over a two year period to prevent
hoarding and ensure widespread adoption and
availability to all.

Blockchain remains in its infancy and still has large
obstacles to overcome, mainly being embraced by
the majority public. Such careless practices by
exchanges have led to members of the public
being taken advantage of by fraudulent ICOs,
investing in “magic beans” and losing their money
and confidence. This outcome is harmful to the
future of blockchain and viable projects like Tratok.
As such more ethical approaches have been
discussed.

Due to the irresponsible practices of many of the
exchanges, this policy has been abandoned.
Rather than back viable projects and doing proper
due diligence on projects before exposing their
users, exchanges are instead hunting project team
members on social media and contacting them
guaranteeing listing for a fee.
During Q1 2018, Tratok Ltd has been contacted by
a few exchanges offering guaranteed listings for a
single upfront payment. Conversations with these
exchanges have made it obvious that they have not

18

Instead the previous allocated 7.5 billion free
tokens that were to be provided to the exchanges
to distribute to their users, a significant amount of
this holding will now be airdropped directly to
wallets free of charge. This will ensure widespread
distribution, raise awareness and prevent the
endorsement of practices that are harmful to
blockchain.
The time and date of these airdrops will be
announced via Tratok Ltd’s media partners in the
coming weeks. As always, the team behind the
Tratok Project want to confirm our commitment to
all stakeholders to seeing this project through and
focusing our efforts on achieving all the project’s
goals.
By Tratok

By Tratok

Current Roadmap
Updated January 2019

19

Tratok does
things
differently
to succeed
The vision behind the Tratok token has always been to make travel and tourism more cost-effective,
transparent, free of fraud and fairer to all relevant stakeholders. This mission has always been taken into
consideration throughout every step of the project’s life and remains the central core principle of the Tratok
team. Throughout the requirements capture, team assembly, formulation and realization of the project’s
strategy, the integrity of this core value has been the primary focus.
The directors and developers at Tratok believe in the ability to leverage new technology to disrupt the sector
and make redefining changes. In truth, the primary determining factor in whether the project succeeds is
whether the application of the end product is feasible, deliverable and add long-term value. It was with this in
mind and after conducting multiple feasibility studies and stress tests under various contingent conditions and
scenarios, that the existing business plan was adopted.

20

Tratok’s research revealed that in order for the project to succeed, the following are necessary:

•

Team: The project had to be led by a team of proven professionals who have established reputations
and track records of not only working at globally recognised institutions but also having a record of
adding value and creating revenue-generating businesses. Having a team of experts from various
backgrounds who all command respect in their industry and have influential relationships with key
industry connections increases the probability of the project achieving its goals exponentially.

•

Reason: The project has to solve real problems and enhance the current systems in place for all
stakeholders. It has to be necessary, for a specific use and offer significant advantages over existing
frameworks. If it does not, then the end product is not a viable long-term solution and game changer.

•

Access: In order to succeed on a truly global scale, the token has to be available for widescale adoption
without limitation and access boundaries. Anyone, anywhere in the world with access to the internet
should be able to own, use and benefit from Tratok tokens.

•

Technology: The project must be achievable with existing resources and have a realistic timeframe.

•

Openness: The team behind the project have to be honest and open-minded. This means the
transparent sharing of developments, both positive and negative through social media and news
services. In addition, the team should listen to all constructive criticism and when appropriate, implement
new features to enhance and maximise the end user experience.

•

Kinship: In order to succeed, the fate and destiny of the developers and management have to be directly
linked to the success of the project.

By Tratok

By Tratok

It was with all of this in mind that the Tratok team decided to avoid the traditional ICO (Initial
Coin Offering) pathway and adopt a unique model that would ensure smooth development,
delivery, the formation of first-class partnerships and widespread adoption of the token. This is
in contrast to many who have sought to capitalize on “cryptomania” and raise funds with a
whitepaper and promises of a new groundbreaking product. Many of them have been
irresponsible or had dishonourable intentions and have not:

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.

Conducted responsible feasibility studies.
Assembled a team of calibre or pedigree.
Determined how they will deliver the product and make it mainstream.
Thought about how to make the business sustainable.
Considered how they would win over market share from the existing players.
Been honest or open.
Have a legal entity.
Sought sound advice from seasoned and respected professionals.

In short, it is wonderful to hear about people promising outlandish miracle solutions that for
example, can end all war, world hunger, global poverty and sickness. Actually being able to
deliver, is an entirely different matter.

21

By formulating our own strategy, Tratok is now in a position of strength relative
to those who have conducted such practices. Unlike those with the aims of
realizing quick gains at the expense of others, damaging the reputation of the
industry, Tratok is proud that our approach is far different and we can honestly
disclose the following statements, backed up by concrete facts:

•

The company overseeing the project has been incorporated
successfully as a legal entity. Tratok Ltd exists in the real world, not only
on paper.

•

The project team is composed of seasoned and proven experts who
each bring strengths, experience, passion and connections to the
project. The team is composed of individuals who have worked in
Sovereign wealth funds, leading global financial institutions and Fortune
500 companies. These companies are publicly shared and as such our
team does not have to brag about false accomplishments or hide behind
bio descriptions such as “market expert”. A simple internet search will
show the world their real accomplishments and the globally recognised
companies that they have held management and executive roles at.

•

Project development is ahead of schedule. In addition, many new
features have been added in response to community feedback such as
the inclusion of travel advisors and full social and communication portals
for service providers and consumers. This brings a level of transparency
that has never been seen before in the industry and empowers all
stakeholders while making the marketplace more transparent than ever.

•

A truly universal and global rewards program has been created, the first
of its kind. This program actually provides a genuine benefit and based
on our large sample random blindfeasibility studies was appreciated
492% more at a statistically significant level with a confidence interval of
99%.

•

The token has been generated and transparently distributed. Not only
have the project’s management divulged the initial distribution of the
tokens to the public but in addition, the wallet addresses have been
made public. There is full transparency so everyone can see what is
happening as it happens.

•

Sustainable and effective corporate social responsibility programs have
been established with organisations that Tratok can be proud to be
associated with and that actually make a difference in humanitarian aid
and improving the lives of others. It is about helping those in need, not
simply trying to look compassionate.

•

Some business partnerships with key industry players have been
finalized while others are in advanced stages of negotiations and some
at early stages. Expect disruptive announcements in the near future to
be made from their end. These are global chains and brands that
everyone will recognise and that most travelers would have used during
their last travels.

•

Proof of concept and testing by multiple service providers have proven
that sustainable savings ranging from 28-36% are the norm for adoption
and implementation of Tratok. This is based on data from the service
providers’ operations teams and under thorough testing across multiple
scenarios. Don’t take our word for it, there is a reason why key industry
players are embracing the technology.

•

The project management have found themselves in a position where
they have been able to turn down offers from venture capitalists and
early speculators, as entering such agreements would hinder the
widespread adoption of Tratok, promote greater volatility and
speculation and cause public confidence in the purpose designed usage
token to wane. The fact that Tratok Ltd has received multiple offers
demonstrates the potential that the “smart money” sees in the project.

22

By Tratok

By Tratok

Over the months ahead the following milestones will be achieved:
•

Business partnerships will be announced to the public. (Update: Achieved two months early)

•

Public announcements concerning more senior executive and non-executive appointments to the
team will be made public. (Update: Achieved two months early)

•

Listing on the exchanges with the gradual and controlled release of the token to ensure widespread
adoption by the public. (Update: Achieved four months early)

•

Continued testing of the alpha-stage platform for consumers and service providers will continue.
(Update: Achieved five months early)

•

A showcase of the prototype platform and its features will be made public. (Update: Achieved five
months early)

As always, the team remains dedicated to our mission statement of improving the sector and continuing
to act with integrity, honesty and with the industry’s best future interests at heart.

23

Current
Circumstances
Updated June 2019

Tratok has overcome its challenges and finds itself in a healthy position with a working ecosystem product
seven months ahead of schedule. The unorthodox approach and attitude of transparency and wanting to
change the world for the better have resulted in Tratok enjoying great popularity and support from crypto
enthusiasts and some of the general public. While other projects capitalized on cryptomania to effectively
take tens of millions of dollars in public funding, only to go silent, Tratok was funded by its founders and
have to the public via airdrops. Attention was focused on actually using the power of blockchain to change
the industry and fix its problems rather than simply making a replacement for traditional currencies. These
efforts have paid off as can be evidenced by the facts below:

•

Tratok has over 67,000 supporters on social
media and an engagement rate that is 3,716%
higher than the industry average.

•

There are 15,217 holders of Tratok.

•

Tratok has received significant media coverage.
(See supplementary reading)

•

Tratok is listed on seven exchanges with access
to volume liquidity of over $10 billion USD per
calendar month.

•

The price of Tratok has risen over 580% while the
benchmark cryptocurrencies are only within 5% of
their values since the time of launch.

•

Tratok has reached a market capital of $50
million USD.

•

The ecosystem foundation was created seven
months early and refined based on the feedback
of 1001 beta testers for the enhancement of user
experience.

•

The ecosystem has proven that all stakeholders
benefit in multiple revolutionary ways. (See
supplementary reading).

•

The platform is profitable at 1.5% commission
(compared with 20-30% from current OTA’s). For
example, on a $2000 USD booking, there is a
$30 USD commission compared with the existing
$400-$600 fee.

•

Transaction costs on a $2000 USD payment is
$0.03 (compared with $18-$60).

•

Transactions take less than 20 seconds to be
completed and confirmed.

By Tratok

By Tratok

25

The UAE: The perfect
launch ground
If you wish to succeed and become a global
disruptor, you should start by succeeding at
home. Tratok finds itself in the enviable
position of having the opportunity to launch in
the United Arab Emirates.
A self-transformed tourist superpower, the
nation’s enlightened leadership encourages
adoption of disruptive technology to keep the
nation innovative and at the cutting edge.
This approach to adopt new technology,
combined with an appetite to set new
standards in the sector make the UAE the

ideal venue to launch such a game changing
idea.
This in combination with EXPO2020 being
around the corner and the enthusiasm for
blockchain adoption in Africa and South-East
Asia (sources of growing tourism for the
UAE) make the Emirates the perfect launch
ground. The business environment is willing,
the facilities and infrastructure exist and the
timing is perfect. Such a combination is ideal
to change the sector for the benefit of all the
primary stakeholders.

Pilot Test
25 September 2019

Tratok did a pilot test between the 25th of September
to the 1st of October 2019 to test the process and
identify any teething problems between our clients and
service providers. To ensure neutrality, candidates
were randomly chosen among the airdrop participants.
As luck would have it, these candidates were the ideal
demographic for Tratok. Two honest and diligent
individuals from a working-class background who, if not
for the existence of Tratok would have never had a
chance to come to Dubai and realize what, in their own
words, they called a dream. Michael S., and Darrell L,
not only encountered no teething problems, but
furthermore had a great time and commented
positively on the whole experience. In addition to this,
the feedback was noted by both trialists and the
partners on social media.

Following the success of this launch, Tratok is currently
gearing up to deploy the other service providers we
have agreements with on our ecosystem and welcome
more of the world to Dubai. The team takes great pride
in knowing that the project has already had a positive
impact on the lives of at least two people. By using
blockchain technology to address problems in the
industry, on board partners, and deliver clients to these
partners, Tratok has proven that not only does the
concept work, but that it is sound, viable and superior
to existing systems. Efforts can now turn towards the
transition from proof of concept to phase 1 of growth.

26

By Tratok

By Tratok

Coin Distribution
(Updated May 2019)

Tratok will be distributed as shown in the diagram below. Such distribution is efficient and chosen for a
number of reasons. It rewards early backers of the project, early users of the application and
considers corporate social responsibility via donations to educational institutions. In addition, as
explained earlier, it ties the overwhelming amount of employee and management capital to the
success of the project ensuring an ongoing drive to achieve the project's goals. The total supply of

Tratok will be 100 Billion (100,000,000,000) tokens. Such a large volume is required to prevent
hoarding and is sufficient to match the value of transactions in the sector.

27

* 100% of the Tratok will have a two year (24 month) no sell clause.
** 30% of the Tratok will have a one year (12 month) no sell clause. 50% of the Tratok will have a two
year (24 month) no sell clause.
*** Tratok will be released on one exclusive exchange initially. There will be a release of 20 billion
tokens at the first instance, followed by 150 million tokens released every month for the next 20
calendar months. The tokens will be released from a multi-password protected "Custodian Wallet"
whose address shall be made public for the purpose of transparency. This action is reflected in the

illustration below. This ensures gradual release onto the market which will prevent oversupply and
ensure gradual widespread adoption. In addition, it prevents early adopters hoarding the supply and
manipulating the price while allowing continued funding and development of the project.

Conclusion
In conclusion, the travel and tourism sector continues to grow and there exists ample opportunity to
improve the reservation systems by leveraging the latest technologies. Such actions would lower
costs, increase profitability and make bookings more efficient. With the correct team of experienced
professionals and a custom built multi-platform App powered by an appropriate token, the Tratok
project can address these issues. Such a project could realistically have its goals realised within a
medium time frame for investments which represent a modest risk given the potential awards. The
end result would be a sustainable and profitable business which is mutually beneficial to all
stakeholders while adding value to and improving the important travel and tourism industries.

28

By Tratok

By Tratok

Supplementary Information
Main Website: https://tratok.com
Travel Platform: https://tratok.net
Block Explorer: https://etherscan.io/token/0xe225aca29524bb65fd82c79a9602f3b4f9c6fe3f
Latest Smart Contract Address: 0xe225aca29524bb65fd82c79a9602f3b4f9c6fe3f
First Generation Smart Contact Address: 0x0cbC9b02B8628AE08688b5cC8134dc09e36C443b
Prototype Smart Contract Address: 0xDaaab43c2Df2588980826e3C8d46828FC0b44bFe
Tratok’s view on regulation: https://tratok.com/regulation-is-good-for-projects-like-tratok/
Transparency and values: https://tratok.com/transparency-and-values/
How consumers benefit from Tratok (1 minute video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKqn0rOCF4o
How service providers benefit from Tratok (1 minute video):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw_EvO1R5nQ

29

How easy it is to liquidate Tratok (1 minute video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85w61OEW5Cc
Tratok is more than a token it is an Ecosystem (30 minute video):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEPsHq6kwag
Examples of media coverage:
https://tratok.com/reports/Newswire_report_30_March_2018.PDF

Disclaimer
This white paper describes our current vision for using the Tratok token on a purpose built developed platform to
change the way reservations are made in the travel and tourism industry. While we have every intention of
realizing this goal, please be aware that success is dependent on numerous factors and as with all new dynamic
projects, there are risks. While the team assembled has proven skills and records in building successful
businesses, there is always the risk that our envisioned platform may only live up to a portion of our expectations.
Past success is no guarantee of future success. Blockchain and other aspects of the technology that we wish to
use to revolutionize the business are still in the early days of their infancy. We understand that many may
purchase tokens simply for speculation and we can give no honest answer on our expectations of what value
these tokens may go to. We will attempt to diligently provide updates to all our stakeholders as the project
matures and development comes to fruition. We maintain that the views in this white paper are based on our
analysis and market expectations and should not be taken as a definite outcome. These are targets, not
guarantees.

30

By Tratok

