Business Plan
December 2018

Travala in Numbers

2

8

2

Travala.com

Disclaimer
You must read the following disclaimer in full before continuing.
This Business Plan is not a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to
constitute in itself an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective
investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment
in any jurisdiction. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information
set out in this document. This Business Plan has not been registered with any regulatory authority
in any jurisdiction.
The information and opinions contained in this document do not purport to be comprehensive
and have not been independently verified. While this document has been prepared in good faith,
no representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking (express or implied) is or will be made,
and no responsibility, liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by (Travala Limited) (“Travala”)
or any of its investors or subsidiaries or by any of their respective affiliates, advisers in relation to
the adequacy, accuracy, completeness, reliability or reasonableness of this document. All and any
such responsibility and liability are expressly disclaimed. In particular, but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, no representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking is given as to
the achievement or reasonableness of any future projections, management estimates, prospects
or returns contained in this document, or in such other information, notice or document. These
projections are illustrative only and actual results may be materially affected by economic
changes or other circumstances which cannot be foreseen. The reader of this document
acknowledges that it should conduct its own independent investigation and assessment as to the
validity of the information contained in this document and the economic, financial, regulatory,
legal, taxation and accounting implications of that information and consult its own professional
advisers. The information in this document is subject to change or update without notice and
should not be construed as commitment by Travala. This document is for informational purposes
only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in Travala or any
related or associated company.
This Business Plan in current form is being circulated by Travala for general information
and to invite feedback only on the Travala.com platform as presently conceived, and is
subject to review and revision by the directors of Travala, advisors to the entity and/or
legal advisors of Travala.

3

Travala.com

Contents
1

Executive Summary

05

2

The Problem

07

3

The Solution

09

4

Introducing Travala

11

5

Opportunity Size & Target Market

13

6

The User Journey

16

7

The Travala Ecosystem

17

8

Business Model

21

9

AVA & The Travala Economy

25

10

Competition

29

11

Token Distribution & Use Of Funds

31

12

Roadmap

33

13

Our Partners

34

14

The Team

35

15

Appendix

38

4

Travala.com

1. Executive Summary
Travala is an already-operational one-stop travel booking platform which combines the best
of this generation’s booking website functionality with the incredible benefits enabled by next
generation’s decentralized technologies and tokenized incentive structures.
The Online Travel Agency (“OTA” e.g. Expedia, Booking.com, Ctrip, Tripadvisor etc.) model was
revolutionary when it arrived over ten years ago, but in its current form is broken, with an
oligopolistic market (9 of the top 10 sites owned by 2 players) featuring high middleman fees and
limited product differentiation. This lack of true consumer choice has been well-hidden to-date,
through clever multi-site branding and dialled-up discounts given on high mark-ups, but cracks
are beginning to appear in the façade. Early disruptive developments in the travel industry,
such as that brought by Airbnb, showed that consumers are ready to migrate to platforms
which empower smaller suppliers and make more relevant the impact of user reputation and
trustworthy reviews.
As a core enabling technology for Travala, Blockchain signifies a third evolutionary leap for human
connectivity (firstly voice telephony, secondly data transmission), and is now empowering real
value exchange between network participants. In the travel industry, where a central authority
was previously required to validate bookings and guarantee payment, it is becoming possible
to link buyers and sellers directly to benefit from lower fees, instant payments and trustworthy
reviews.
In parallel with the change in our surrounding technologies, consumer demographics and their
preferences continue to evolve. Younger generations of consumers are driving the movement
towards decentralized technologies, best symbolised by the rise of Bitcoin and other peer-to-peer
cryptocurrencies. Most importantly, demographic groups such as that referred to as Gen-Z (born
between 1995 and 2010, the eldest now 23 years of age in 2018) are fundamentally different
consumers to those classified as Baby Boomer and Generation X. Gen-Z dislike the established
order, have not yet formed their brand loyalties, and yet are tech-native and extremely sociallyaware. This generation of consumers are expected to travel more than any group before them,
but are also forecast to do so in new ways.
Travala, as a Next-gen Online Travel Agency (NOTA), fundamentally changes the relationship
between this consumer of the future and their travel shopping. Travala’s target market benefits
from:

5

Travala.com

•

A globally-competitive range of travel services; Accommodation (Hotels, Resorts, Hostels),
Flights, Things to do (Tours, Activities, Experiences), Restaurants, Transfers, Car Rentals,
Vacation Rentals and Cruises

•

Always available at a minimum average of 15% lower than current mainstream OTAs;
enabled through agile integration of the leading wholesale travel solution partners

•

With both leading cryptocurrencies and traditional (FIAT) currencies as payment options

•

Boosted with discounts and special offers direct from brands and suppliers

•

Validated through blockchain-verified reviews for 100% feedback authenticity

•

Underpinned by a token-powered incentivization economy which gives real rewards for
valuable acts such as user referrals and key-opinion-leader content

•

Innovative UX design and user mechanics for a best-in-class user experience

This Travala value proposition is powered by the AVA token, the
native digital asset of the ecosystem. It enables users to benefit
from the largest possible discounts when booking their next
trip, is given to contributors who help grow the platform through
authentic reviews and other content, rewards those who make
successful referrals, and is paid as fuel cost by other platforms
when they leverage Travala infrastructure to improve their own
offerings. As the Travala consumer base continues to grow, usage
of the AVA token is integral to their experience on the platform.
With its use incentivized by real-value rewards, demand for AVA can be expected to grow in-line
with platform adoption, leading to the establishment of a healthy internal token economy from
which all stakeholders may benefit.

6

Travala.com

2. The Problem
The global travel market is worth more today
than at any point in the past, but the breadth of
choice and value available to consumers is at an
all-time-low. With the rise to dominance of large
Online Travel Agencies (OTA’s) and their control of
consumer access, hotels and other travel service
providers are forced to play by OTA rules which
impact both their bottom line and the consumer’s
choice.
Although each consumer has a preferred choice
of OTA when seeking travel services, they are
really being presented with only the illusion of
choice. Despite efforts to seek out real value
and genuine choice in the travel booking market,
consumers regularly choose only between five market participants:
Owning Entity

“Different” Consumer Options Owned

Booking Holdings – owns Priceline.com, Booking.
com, Agoda, Kayak and OpenTable among others.
Expedia –owns Travelocity, Orbitz, Hotels.com
among others.
Ctrip – owns Skyscanner, Trip.com, Tours4Fun,
among others.
Tripadvisor Inc. – owns TravelPod, Seatguru, Flip
key, Viator.com among others.
Meituan – owns Dianping (China’s largest review
ecosystem) among others.

The largest category by value in the travel sector, Hotels are impacted most by the effective OTA
oligopoly in place in today’s market. They are under continual pressure to maximise RevPAR
7

Travala.com

(revenue per available room), a pressure which drives them to simultaneously reduce costs
(read: lower quality standards for consumers) and increase the margins they pay to OTA’s such
as Expedia. At present, OTA commission levels paid by hotels range between 15%-35%, and this
commission rate continues to trend upwards over time1. OTA’s also charge hotels a Performance
Linked Bonus (PLB) on top of the standard commission in return for higher search rankings and
consumer exposure. Naturally, this commercial pressure on hotels and travel service providers is
also passed on to consumers, resulting in significant problems for both parties:
Hotels/Service Providers

Consumers

Why Does This Problem Exist?

Don’t receive a commensurate

Pay higher

The OTA control extends even beyond their own websites. They

proportionate of the booking

prices than

force hotels to stick to the mark-up rate of 15-35% even for direct-

fee for the service they provide

they should

to-consumer sales on the hotel’s own websites, which means that
hotels can’t offer consumers the rates they truly wish to.

Suffer from

Are offered

reputational impact

false discounts to artificially high rates. Consumers are then offered marked-

of inconsistent pricing

OTA’s regularly force travel service providers to mark-up pricing
down pricing to give the illusion of savings. The result is that hotel
reputations are impacted by what appears to be desperation
discounting, and consumers will be hesitant to pay full rack rates
in the future.

Lose the right for

Can’t trust

Travel experience reviews are primarily incentivized by negative

fair participation

the majority

experiences (most travellers have positive experiences but are

in the industry’s

of reviews

not motivated to leave reviews to attest to this). Additionally,

review systems

OTA ownership extends to many leading review websites and
travel blogs, which can lead to review bias. As more than 80%
of travellers make decisions based on reviews, the importance
of a genuine verification system and adequate economic
incentivisation for well-intentioned reviewers cannot be
understated.

The OTA model was revolutionary when it arrived over ten years ago, but in its current form
is broken, with an oligopolistic market featuring high middleman fees and limited product
differentiation. This lack of true consumer choice has been well-hidden to-date, but cracks are
beginning to appear in the façade. Disruptors such as Airbnb show that consumers are ready
to migrate to platforms which empower more reasonable pricing, allow smaller suppliers to
compete more freely and make more relevant the impact of user reputation and trustworthy
reviews2. With offerings such as Airbnb competing in ancillary markets, is now the time for an
equivalent disruption in the OTA market?
1

https://ro-che.info/articles/2017-09-17-booking-com-manipulation

2

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/221357282_Use_and_Impact_of_Online_Travel_Reviews

8

Travala.com

3. The Solution
The problems identified are primarily the result of
an overbearing middle man – the OTA – playing
too intrusive a role in the relationship between
the consumer and their travel services provider of
choice.
The functionality of the OTA model is not itself
broken, simply the parameters to which it is
tuned to operate. In an ideal world, hotels and
other suppliers would be empowered to connect
through an OTA-style platform which would offer
a transparent, secure and efficient means of
connecting buyers and sellers.
Most important among those three factors
is transparency. Greater transparency would
allow hotels to price their offering correctly, in-line with the value they provide, no more or no
less. It would allow them to receive a larger net share of this price, which in turn would support
the maintenance of higher service standards and subsequently higher customer satisfaction.
Transparency would also allow this customer satisfaction to be represented truthfully, through a
genuine, incentivised review system which gives future customers confidence as they shop.
The operational triplet of transparency, security and efficiency are significantly improved through
the application of blockchain technology. The advent of real-world blockchain applications
signifies a third evolutionary leap for human connectivity (the first being voice telephony, and
the second being peer-to-peer data transmission). This third leap is the ability for real, fungible
value exchange between network participants. In the travel industry, where a central authority
was previously required to validate bookings and guarantee payment, it is becoming possible to
link buyers and sellers directly to benefit from lower fees, instant payments, better security and
trustworthy reviews.
Most importantly, the tokenisation of networks allows participants to benefit from a network’s
growth. It is now possible for new and innovative solutions to also bring mutually-beneficial
rewards to all the stakeholders which contribute to its success. For too long, OTA’s have acted

9

Travala.com

most efficiently as centralized profit extractors within the travel industry. The average user or
hotel which contributed to OTA growth and extreme profits did not benefit from their rise to
success.
Travala is showing that now is the time for the evolution of a next generation of OTA to begin
making these changes. These Next-gen Online Travel Agencies (NOTA’s) can fundamentally
change the relationship between consumers of the future and their travel shopping. Then, the
previously-identified key problems for service providers and consumers could be addressed as
follows:
Hotels/Service Providers

Consumers

Why Does This Problem Exist?

Receive a commensurate

Pay a fair price

Hotels and consumers have full visibility on the true

proportion of the booking

for the service

cost of hotels rooms and other services through an

fee for the service they

they receive

immutable, shared blockchain ledger. The OTA takes

provide

a fair price for the service they offer, and all parties
are happier.

Can implement rational

Can evaluate

The transparency enforced by blockchain-driven

pricing which is

whether or not

pricing databases means that consumers are no

representative of their

to buy based on

longer buffeted by false discount advertising and

service and brand

truly fair prices

can evaluate more clearly the true cost of each
service provider’s offering.

Benefit from a more

Can trust 100%

Linking travel reviews cryptographically to the original

evenly-incentivized review

of the reviews

purchase, as well as incentivizing with token rewards

and content contribution

and content

all users to leave a review (whether negative or

system

positive) will result in a much more evenly-balanced
review system for the space. The token-driven
incentive model for content (reviews, photos,
expert tips etc.) is one which is trustworthy,
especially with scale.

10

Travala.com

4. Introducing Travala
Travala is the world’s first Next-gen Online
Travel Agency.
It is a one-stop travel booking platform which
combines the best of this generation’s booking
website functionality with the incredible benefits
enabled by next generation’s decentralized
technologies and tokenized incentive structures.
With integration of the NEO blockchain (US$500M
market cap and China’s largest blockchain) as
part of a proprietary technology stack, Travala
connects the consumer directly with the largest
and best-value wholesale providers in the travel
industry. The full suite of offerings is continually
expanding and will ultimately encompass hotel,
hostel, restaurant, flight, car rentals and vacation rental bookings. These are offered at much
lower rates than mainstream OTA’s, due to the Travala team’s negotiated access to the lowestpossible net price rates with an extensive list of wholesale sellers from around the world. This
is a growing partnership base which will ultimately include Amadeus, Priceline, Expedia, Ctrip,
HotelBeds, HotelsPro, DOTW, Tourico, Restel, Travco, Jactravel, Sunhotels, Totalstay, HotelUSA,
RoomsXML, Didatravel, World2Meet, GTA and many more.
Most significantly, the Travala value proposition is powered by the AVA token. As the native digital
asset of the ecosystem it:
•

enables users to benefit from an average of 15% discounts
(on the mainstream OTA sites) when booking their next trip

•

is rewarded to users who leave authentic reviews,
contribute rich content, and make successful referrals, and

•

is paid as fuel cost by other platforms when they leverage
the Travala infrastructure to improve their own offerings.

11

Travala.com

As a NOTA, Travala uses the AVA token to allow the network’s users to collectively benefit from
the growth and success of the platform. Usage of the AVA token is integral to the most optimum
user experience on the platform as its use is incentivized by subsequent real rewards. As the
consumer base continues to grow, demand for AVA can be expected to grow in-line with this
platform adoption, leading to the establishment of a healthy internal token economy from which
all stakeholders – from early adopters to new arrivals at a later stage – may continually benefit.
Founded by a team of deep travel industry vertical experience and blockchain tech expertise,
Travala’s mission is to bring to the travel industry transparent pricing, authentic truth, enhanced
security and efficient stakeholder interaction. The target market will benefit from:
•

A globally-competitive range of travel services; Accommodation (Hotels, Resorts, Hostels),
Flights, Things to do (Tours, Activities, Experiences), Restaurants, Transfers, Car Rentals,
Vacation Rentals and Cruises

•

Always available at a minimum average of 15% lower than current mainstream OTAs;
enabled through agile integration of the leading wholesale travel solution partners

•

With both leading cryptocurrencies and traditional (FIAT) currencies as payment options

•

Boosted with discounts and special offers direct from brands and suppliers

•

Validated through blockchain-verified reviews for 100% feedback authenticity

•

Underpinned by a token-powered incentivization economy which gives real rewards for
valuable acts such as user referrals and key-opinion-leader content

•

12

Innovative UX design and user mechanics for a best-in-class user experience

Travala.com

5. Opportunity Size
& Target Market
The OTA market alone will be worth an estimated
US$694bn in 2018 (SOURCE), with a CAGR of
11.1% expected between 2016 and 2022.
Through work with industry specialists Keter
Cryptoeconomic Advisory, the Travala team
have identified as 4% the size of the Target
Addressable Market (TAM) for Travala within this
total OTA market. This equates to US$27.76bn.
Of this TAM, Travala is aiming to obtain a market
share of 3.34% by 2030. To achieve this, Travala
will need to achieve the following milestones:
•

2019 – Facilitate 0.03% of OTA Market (US$11.12m net value of services rendered)

•

2020 – Facilitate 0.07% of OTA Market (US$28.55m net value of services rendered)

•

2022 – Facilitate 0.22% of OTA Market (US$145.18m net value of services rendered)

•

2025 – Facilitate 0.98% of OTA Market (US$1.19bn net value of services rendered)

•

2030 – Facilitate 3.34% of OTA Market (US$11.6bn net value of services rendered)

Initial Target Market: Cryptocurrency Holders & Blockchain Enthusiasts
The cryptocurrency and blockchain
community is not only a globally-sizeable
segment (see to the right an estimate of
growth in active blockchain wallets from
below 5m in Q1 2015 to above 28m in Q3
20183) but also a high-potential consumer
segment based on several desirable
characteristics.

3

https://www.statista.com/statistics/647374/
worldwide-blockchain-wallet-users/

13

Travala.com

Blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiasts are:
•

Highly-invested in the successful adoption
of cryptocurrencies in mainstream business
activity. This emotional investment in their
success regularly supersedes their desire to
follow the path of least resistance i.e. cryptousers will endure higher barriers to use at this
moment in time in order to help propagate
the increased use of cryptocurrency (valuable
to Travala during the coming 12 months of
continued development towards a
barrier-less product)

•

Derive above-average satisfaction from this use of cryptocurrency for real-world
applications. Aside from encouraging repeated-use of cryptocurrency for similar activities,
this dialled-up consumer experience satisfaction level serves as a drastically more effective
tool to build brand loyalty for Travala (dopamine levels associated with the Travala brand
and UX are significantly higher than those for an equivalent mainstream OTA). See to the
right an example of this effect visible from an excerpt from a public review by a member of
the Travala community.

•

A consumer demographic which is perfectly pre-filtered for the travel market and whose
make-up helps transcends many of the difficulties in traditional consumer acquisition and
marketing outreach. Cryptocurrency holders:
•

Are a born-global consumer demographic (Dalia Research polled across US,
UK, Germany, Brazil, Japan, South Korea, China, and India and found that 7% on
average own some crypto, with 4% of non-owners planning to buy very soon4).

•

Are on average of Millennial age-demographic, which proves to be a more valuable
traveller demographic than those older5, and are more open to new brands and
services, rather than those established as favourites with previous generations.

4

https://www.cryptoninjas.net/2018/05/09/how-many-people-actually-own-cryptocurrency/

5

https://www.travelagentcentral.com/running-your-business/stats-millennials-to-travel-35-percent-more-2017according-to-mmgy

14

Travala.com

•

Are well-educated, as cryptocurrency ownership is for the time-being still a
preserve of tech-savvy and future-interested demographic groups, groups which
are proven to be more likely to travel in order to expand their horizons6.

As a cryptocurrency-first, FIAT-second platform (expounding the values of cryptocurrency,
while still providing FIAT options for those who wish to avail of it), Travala is uniquely-positioned
to short-circuit the traditional long consumer acquisition journey and tap directly into a welleducated, relatively young, globally-oriented consumer demographic which is willing to go aboveand-beyond a consumer’s regular call of duty in order to contribute to the success of blockchain
itself. This is also an incredibly-fast growing market, opposite to the mature, low-growth rate
demographics of traditional OTA’s, which is expected to enter an exponential growth phase with
the arrival of institutional and custodial players in the crypto-space in 2019 and 2020.

6

https://cdn1.momondo.net/i-3/content/documents/The%20Value%20of%20Travelling%20A%20global%20		
study_FINAL_NewFrontPage.pdf

15

Travala.com

6. The User Journey

Note: The full token functionality is
covered in more depth in Section 9.

(With AVA Traveling Alongside)

See below an illustration of the user journey on the Travala platform, from initial entry all the
way to completing a successful trip and leaving a verified review on Travala. AVA is along for the
journey on every step of the way!
Phase 1: Planning The Journey
The user starts using Travala by visiting
Travala.com and searching with their
desired parameters
Select promotions and the
highest discounts are only
available through purchasing
with AVA

They are presented with well-aligned
search results and select their preferred
option.

First time users are awarded
a free quantity of AVA
token for joining*. New and
returning users are invited
to purchase or deposit AVA if
running low

The user is then prompted to login or
register if it is their first time using the
platform.

They then complete the booking process
by providing necessary details and
making payment in FIAT, AVA or other
cryptocurrencies

AVA can be used to pay
for the entire booking or a
partial amount

Phase 2: Enjoying The Journey

AVA can be used onlocation with selected
strategic partners to pay for
incremental upgrades and
add-ons purchased while
traveling, to reduce payment
friction and obtain higher
rewards

The user enjoys their travel experience
and along the way can manage all
booked services from their Travala
dashboard.

Phase 3: Rewards For Giving Back
The user then has the opportunity to
write an experience review which is
cryptographically verified as authentic
They can now also refer other users simply
to the Travala platform or even directly to
the same property on Travala
The user gains reputation score points
from other users who find their feedback/
reviews useful (through votes)

16

+

+

}

AVA is rewarded for
completing reviews

AVA is rewarded for
successful referrals

AVA is rewarded to users who
gain high reputation scores as
reward for being a KOL

Travala.com

7. The Travala Ecosystem
The Travala platform is comprised of three layers:
1. The Travala dApp Layer (user-facing interface) which:
•

allows consumers to browse and complete bookings of their choice from an extensive
range of supplier offerings (already 550,000+ properties across 210 countries and 80,000+
destinations)

•

gives users access to their built-in Travala wallet (which holds tokens such as AVA)

•

enables users to leave trusted-reviews of past services booked through the platform

•

makes available to users special offers and incremental upselling of services, such as travel
insurance etc.

2. The Travala Protocol Layer (underlying economic rules) which:
•

Implements the NEP-5 contract standard layer-wide

•

is comprised of a suite of smart contracts governing the interactions of all economic agents
in the industry (covered in more detail in the Appendix)

•

enables value transfer (whether economic, reputational, knowledge-based etc.) between
stakeholders, using proxy smart contracts to determine the validity of and right to transfer
this value (for each stakeholder involved).

•

enforces the cause-and-effect results of stakeholder interactions i.e. a simple example
would be how token value flow from user to service provider results in confirmation of the
hotel booking for the user (again governed by proxy smart contract)

3. The Travala Consensus Layer (underlying records) which:
•

Is implemented on the NEO blockchain, operating with a dBFT protocol and currently
processing at speeds of 1000 transactions/second (with planned scalability increases
leading to 100,000 tx/s by 20207)

•

is the governing record of the most important stakeholder pieces of information within
the Travala economy (with both monetary and data-relevant states tracked through use of
proxy smart contracts)

•

tracks perfectly user token balances and smart contract commitments

•

allows user and supplier reputation to be verified and be maximally-trusted

7

17

https://rebrn.com/re/da-hongfei-neo-will-scale-to-tps-by-without-sharding-4021383/

Travala.com

Platform Visual Snapshot

Reviews

Special Offers

Other Services

Users

Suppliers
dApp Layer

Mintable Token

ECC Sig. Reviews

Staking Rewards

+ Utility Events

NEP5 Protocol Layer

Stakeholder Balances

Stakeholder Reputation

Stakeholder Contracts

Consensus Layer

Platform Stakeholders
There are three key stakeholder groups for the Travala platform. The disparate incentives of each
group have been carefully-aligned as part of the platform design. Large-scale adoption and eventual commercial success of Travala are dependent on all three groups working to their collective
mutual benefit and creating incremental value for each other above and beyond the traditional
OTA model.
Travellers:
The most important of the stakeholders, travellers (particularly those blockchain and crypto-savvy,
as already outlined) are the target consumer base of the platform and which, if present, will be
the driving force in attracting key supplier and partner demographics to the ecosystem. Travala is
focused on gaining use adoption primarily from younger generations of consumers, such as the
demographic group referred to as Gen-Z. This group (classified as those born between 1995 and
2010, the eldest of which is now in 2018 is 23 years of age) are:
•

fundamentally different consumers to those from the Baby Boomer era and Generation
X. They dislike the established order and have not yet formed their brand loyalties. They
are therefore ripe for educating on alternative shopping options across a multitude of
industries. Most relevantly for Travala, this generation of consumers are expected to travel
more than any group before them and are also forecast to do so in new ways.

18

Travala.com

•

born tech-native and extremely socially-aware, the combination of which has resulting in
this younger generation driving the movement towards decentralized technologies, such as
the increasing use of peer-to-peer cryptocurrencies.

This pre-filtering of the Travala target consumer audience to those expected to travel extensively,
but also open to new brand education and already crypto-fluent, will result in greater efficiency
of every dollar spent in customer acquisition and increasing the customer lifetime value (CLV) for
those acquired. Gen-Z members of the blockchain community have been the initial target group
for Travala’s focused marketing to-date.
Travala of course does not view this target demographic as mutually-exclusive to older generations of consumers, and ancillary acquisition opportunities for those will also be taken advantage
of when suitable and at the right cost.
Suppliers:
Suppliers across the travel industry (encompassing hotel, hostel, flight, car rentals, vacation rental
bookings, trip/tour operators etc.) will be connected to the Travala platform both directly as well
as through the largest, best-value wholesale providers in the travel industry. To quickly achieve
the high number of listings and competitive rates that were expected by consumers when the
platform launched in early 2018, the Travala team have been prioritising key supply partners such
as HotelsPro and integrating their full suite of listings through bespoke APIs. These wholesale
partners enable Travala to offer customers the lowest-possible rates across the OTA industry and
with a level of transparency beyond the mainstream players. This is a rapidly-growing partnership base which will continue to expand to include Amadeus, Priceline, Expedia, Ctrip, HotelBeds,
DOTW, Tourico, Restel, Travco, Jactravel, HotelUSA, RoomsXML, Didatravel, World2Meet, GTA and
many more.
Once the natural expansion limits of the wholesale channels have been reached, phase two of
listing and services expansion will focus on establishing deals with the biggest hotel chains and
travel services operators in the industry and offering them Travala’s innovative technology.
Strategic Partners:
Comprised of the large group of ancillary service providers and travel industry stakeholders who
through integration with the Travala platform can both bring value to the Travala userbase as
well as gain incremental value for their own service offering. There are different methods through
which strategic partners can integrate with the Travala offering, ranging from full integration of
the AVA token and smart contract utility on their platform to simply allowing their services to be
19

Travala.com

booked through the Travala dApp. A wide range of potential strategic partner types has been defined and initial conversations are underway with many. Examples include ride-share companies
(such as Uber, Lyft, etc.), restaurant booking companies such as Opentable, aggregated leisure
services, global pay-for-entry lounge chains, etc.

20

Travala.com

8. Business Model
The Travala business commercials are driven by three core pillars, two of which are revenue
generation-focused and one which is focused on maximisation of asset utilisation.
The low net rates negotiated by Travala with
leading aggregation wholesalers are offered to
1. Booking Commissions on
Travala.com

the consumer with an average saving of 15% (as
opposed to current mainstream OTA’s). Travala will
add their commission to operate, grow the platform
and replenish the reserves as-needed.

Revenue

Revenue is also generated from the supplier side
2. Paid Placements &

of the market, with Travala developing appropriate

Promotions by Strategic

and user profile-targeted promotional placement

Partners

opportunities throughout the user platform
journey. AVA can be used for these transactions.

The Travala platform is both driven by the AVA
token and serves as a vehicle to foster and grow
the token economy. Through incentivization of
users to use the token wherever possible for
increased benefit, demand for the token should
3. Activity to increase
Asset
Utilisation

rise over time. This increased demand should

the utilisation of

positively impact the intangible brand value of and

Travala Ltd’s

consumer engagement with the AVA token platform

underlying AVA

as owned by Travala itself. This brand value and

token ecosystem

consumer loyalty can be leveraged selectively
through incentivized platform growth, attract new
strategic partners and achieve other development
milestones which should indirectly contribute
increased monetary value to the platform through
increased services redemption.

21

Travala.com

Booking Strategy & Revenue
Travala will pursue a broad benchmark competitive pricing strategy against the mainstream OTA
players. With industry pricing being extremely dynamic (rates change daily and are occasionally
channel-dependent), it is not possible to guarantee cheaper rates for every single consumer
transaction. Therefore, the most sustainable and trustworthy pricing methodology for the Travala
platform to pursue is to enforce average global price competition.
This will allow the Travala platform to achieve pricing which is on average 15% cheaper than
mainstream OTA competitors. As detailed previously, this is achieved through strategic
partnerships with leading global and local wholesale booking aggregators.
Due to industry-wide rate parity agreements8, Travala will show the 15% discount to the
consumer as:
1. 7.5% cheaper on average across all accommodations publicly visible
2. 7.5% on average per booking given back as purchase incentives and loyalty rewards
Incentives and rewards will be given in AVA tokens regardless of the payment method. This
enhances the Travala token economy, as adoption and booking numbers increase, more AVA is
held within the platform.
Additional to the average 15% saving enjoyed by the consumer Travala will incorporate their
commission to operate, grow the platform and replenish the reserves as-needed.
The Travala platform will also continually implement innovative booking and pricing mechanisms
which shall result in continued growth in net profit margin. An example of such a mechanism is
the planned integration of an automated re-booking system into the Travala architecture. Were
the price of a booking to fall after the initial reservation is made, this re-booking system will allow
Travala to automatically cancel the original reservation and re-book it at the new lower cost. The
difference between the original and new booking prices will be split between the Travala system
and with the consumer.

Paid Placements & Promotions
A variety of platform advertising and direct marketing opportunities will be made available to
strategic partners who wish to avail of the intimate consumer access offered through the Travala
8

22

https://www.triptease.com/blog/otas-wholesale-rates/

Travala.com

platform. Importantly, these partners will be vetted by the Travala team to ensure that they are
worthwhile actors to allow advertise on the platform. Additionally, users will have the option to
opt-out of receiving marketing messages from specific partners if they do not wish to continue
seeing them.
Marketing opportunities vary in type and cost, ranging from the option to place relevant
advertisements alongside user searches (geographically-relevant, trip-type-targeted etc.),
to prioritising listings for specific searches, to being able to directly communicate and make
arrangements with the leading travel Key Opinion Leaders (KOL) on the platform.
Strategic partners can pay for these marketing opportunities using AVA. This will serve as an
additional mechanism with which market demand for AVA is stimulated.

Platform Fees
The table on the right
presents fees indicative
of those which the
Travala platform will
charge.
Commission fees are
calibrated to and vary
according to the maturity
level of the platform, the
total number of users using the platform and its projected revenue.

Platform Revenue
The Travala platform’s key
metric of Monthly Booking
Revenue (MBR) is targeted to
reach US$10 million by May
2021 - a target amount which
represents between 0.01
percent and 0.03 percent of
the global monthly revenue
streams for the Online Travel
23

Travala.com

Agency (OTA) industry. Travala’s booking platform earns its revenue from the commission fees
and the AVA cryptographic tokens used to pay for services on the website.
The initial proof of concept
version of the Travala
platform launched with over
158,000 properties; the initial
focus on regional properties
is resulting in a large number
of organic consumers that
are reached with a lower
customer acquisition cost.
As the platform matures,
more API-based property
providers such as Travolutionary will be integrated, which is expected to lead to a growing global
demand – orders of magnitude more impactful than the traditional OTAs to the Travala target
consumer base demographic with connection in the blockchain and cryptocurrency sector. The
above chart illustrates the projected income growth throughout the first 3 years.

24

Travala.com

9. AVA & The
Travala Economy
The Travala economy consists simply of the

AVA

interactions between the stakeholders as
identified (Travelers, Service Providers and
Partners), as powered by suite of Travala Smart
Contracts and the AVA token.
AVA is a NEP-5 standard token i.e. the token
format native to the NEO blockchain.
The economic model has been carefully-designed
to support platform growth until self-sustaining
profitability can be reached, including that the capability for regular token buy-backs has been put
in-place.
Please note the following stipulations regarding the AVA token:
•

The AVA token standard does not allow conversion of the token into another DLT asset type;

•

The AVA token standard does not allow atomic swapping or interoperability outside a limited network
of Travala-associated DLT platforms;

•

AVA token is a form of digital medium recordation whose utility, value or application is
restricted solely to the acquisition of goods or services on Travala and a limited network of
Travala-associated DLT platforms.

Explained in the subsequent sections are the core economic drivers of the Travala economy, and
how the full functionality of the AVA token complements each.

AVA: Powering Payments
In addition to innovative functionality beyond the current OTA model, successful disruption of
the incumbent OTA players also requires minimisation of barriers to user adoption. Therefore,
Travala will offer users a full-spectrum suite of payment options:

25

Travala.com

1.

Traditional (FIAT) Currencies - This method incurs a standard 1% to 5% fee depending on

the fee charged by the payment processor.
2.

AVA Token - Once used by consumer for booking, AVA tokens will reallocate into the

reserves to be used to power the in-platform token economy.
3.

Leading Cryptocurrencies - e.g. Bitcoin, Neo, Gas, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, EOS, Stellar,

BNB, XRP, TrueUSD and many more...
Payments made using non-AVA cryptocurrencies
will be converted to FIAT onspot via the decentralized liquidity

This diagram represents all NON-AVA Crypto currencies
payment methods

User

Crypto Payment

the-

module (made available to Travala
through strategic partnership with
well-established payment processor.

Refunds in AVA
from reserves

FIAT

Via instant liquidity
provider (partnership
being finalised)

a

Announcement to be made once
parameters of arrangement are finalised).
Refunds made for bookings with a any cryptocurrency assets will be issued in AVA (minus
applicable cancellation fees or processing costs) in-line with the original cost of the booking
(tracked to the local FIAT cost of the reservation). Denominating refunds in AVA allows the team
to minimize fluctuation in the value of a large range of cryptocurrencies and also encourages reuse of the platform by the same user at a later date (as they are now holding AVA).

AVA: Enabling Special Discounts
Though Travala presents a wide range of bespoke discounts and innovative promotional
mechanics for every user, using AVA tokens to pay for the booking cost will always give users
access to the best possible price on every transaction.
Referred to as the AVA Discount, it will constitute a special discount range on bookings. Varying
in size, depending on the booking type and cost, the AVA discount offers users the ability to use
AVA tokens for bookings at the most preferential discounted value possible for that particular
booking. The AVA discount is an effective mechanism for the platform to reward loyal AVA users,
and to increase velocity of token. The token then being returned to the AVA reserves for future
distribution as rewards and other incentives.

26

Travala.com

AVA: Incentivising Contribution
Lacking in the traditional OTA model is a true ability to incentivise users to engage with the
platform and community beyond simply booking their desired services and quickly disengaging.
Most users of traditional OTA’s are familiar with the experience of receiving platform-specific
rewards points which don’t seem to have an intrinsic value beyond the OTA itself. With AVA,
there is a multi-pronged incentivization mechanism to increase the level of its use on the Travala
platform and within the ecosystems of strategic partners.
Though it may seem simple, it is the link to real-world value which is the final piece of the puzzle
in incentivising user contribution to and interaction with a platform. Rewards offered in AVA
tokens on one platform are no longer of intangible value but can be pursued with a view to multiplatform use. Additionally, these tokens can be saved up for use on future bookings, increase
your membership level on the platform for access to special offers, or be withdrawn from the
platform to your private wallet of choice.

AVA: Supporting Smart Contracts
Smart contracts automatically drive the interactions between stakeholders on the Travala
platform. Each smart contract-driven “utility event” on the platform, triggers a flow of AVA token
in one or multiple directions. A selected suite of smart contracts are covered in full detail in
the Appendix of this document. AVA tokens will not be held in smart contracts at any stage to
mitigate the risks of volatility.

AVA: Connecting Strategic Partners
As it is not alone as a disruptor in the travel industry, Travala has much to gain from developing
specific strategic partnerships with suitable stakeholders within and ancillary to this industry.
However, in-line with the distributed and open-access ethos of the nascent blockchain space,
use of AVA token is by design available to all, whether strategic partners to Travala or purely
interested participants of the platform. Partners who wish to integrate AVA functionality into their
own ecosystems (whether blockchain-based trusted reviews, or smart contract-driven bookings)
can do so without obstacle by simply paying AVA as the fuel cost for use of this infrastructure.
This not only leads to increased token velocity within the Travala ecosystem, but also grows the
number and strength of Travala’s strategic partnerships.

27

Travala.com

Over time, this open-platform ethos is expected to lead to the development of a “decentralized
travel alliance” within the travel industry. This alliance can be connected by the AVA token (as
well as other complementary tokens, linked through interoperability with a limited number of
other DLT platforms) such that each party benefits from greater usage of the token(s) and shared
infrastructure.
•

Travala customers benefit from the ability to redeem their AVA tokens on multiple
platforms which form part of the network of Travala-connected DLT platforms.

•

Alliance members benefit from the network effects of greater numbers of users being
exposed to their goods and/or services, in addition to benefitting from the lower costs
of leveraging the lightweight, low-cost Travala technical infrastructure where it brings
efficiencies to their operations.

As a whole, the open-platform strategy will allow Travala to broaden its reach in the OTA and
NOTA industries and create long lasting relationships with partners that have a vested interest in
the success of the underlying token and infrastructure.

AVA: Building A Monetary Base
The AVA token monetary policy governs the token economics of the platform – including how the
token is initially distributed and which future token use cases are implemented. The goals of the
monetary policy are twofold; firstly, to reward early adopters of the network with more affordable
usage cost of the platform; secondly, to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity of AVA tokens
within the target consumer group to facilitate their token usage on the platform.
The monetary policy of AVA tokens is determined directly by a Monetary Policy Board and
indirectly by AVA token holders who are eligible to vote for Monetary Policy Board Members.
This Governance mechanism allows the token economics of the platform to adapt and evolve
responsibly and with the input and participation of stakeholders. The initial Board, comprising a
minimum of 5 members and a maximum of 9, will be appointed by Travala. The initial Monetary
Policy will prioritise token price stability upon token launch. It is expected that occasional
refinements of policy will be necessary to achieve the stipulated goals.

28

Travala.com

10. Competition
In signifying the arrival of the Next-gen OTA model, Travala sits between incumbents and other
potential disruptors within the travel booking space. Facing these two distinct competitive forces,
Travala confidently occupies a middle path business strategy which combines the best of the
previous generation of technology, with the realistically-achievable of the next generation.

Travala
x Oligopolistic
x Opaque

Fast speeds on
centralised servers

x “False”
Discounts

Competitive
pricing through
aggregation

Traditional OTA

Tokenized
for real-world
rewards value
Blockchainpowered
transparency

x Expensive to run
x Slow processing
x Low tx/second
capacity

“Pure Blockchain”
Travel Projects

The key points of differentiation of Travala from traditional OTA solutions are well-articulated
throughout this document. However, it is now important to explore the rationale for Travala’s
competitive edge over other platforms which profess to be developing next generation solutions
within our competitive space. It is possible to group these competitive offerings into two types:
1. Direct competitors with fully-decentralized models: Platforms which function as OTA’s but
which are building completely decentralized models e.g. Atlas.world, Locktrip.
2. Indirect competitors: Platforms which are targeting ancillary niches within the space e.g.
Traveler, Travelblock, Goeureka, Beetoken.
It is most critical to examine those in the first group, as they articulate goals which directly
compete against the Travala Platform. In making a fully-decentralized model the centre of their
ecosystems, platforms such as Locktrip and Atlas.world are voluntarily implementing drastic
speed and scalability challenges which will undermine their ability to deliver the near-instant
service and confirmation speeds now expected by OTA users. As the classic Scalability Trilemma

29

Travala.com

states9, it is widely agreed that all blockchain platforms developed to-date face a necessary tradeoff between decentralization, scalability and security. High scalability is possible if transaction
verification is centralized to a smaller number of validating nodes. Alternatively, decentralization
can be maximised, but transaction volume and speed will suffer as a result (in its current release,
Ethereum can handle ~15 tx/s).
The use of true (fully-decentralized) blockchains can make sense in cases where the speed/
verifiability trade-off is actually worth it, such as core, fundamental technologies which underpin
society-essential infrastructures (e.g. money, identity verification etc.). But the simple truth is
that the majority of travel-related platforms which wish to leverage the relevant advantages
of blockchain technology (tokenization of value such as loyalty rewards, reputation, insurance
contracts etc.) should and can do so without invoking the need for full decentralization. Nouriel
Roubini, in his recent testimony10 for the Hearing of the US Senate Committee phrased it
perfectly: “Blockchain investment propositions routinely make wild promises to overthrow entire
industries, such as cloud computing, without acknowledging the technology’s obvious limitations.”
The limitations to which he refers are the confirmation speed and transaction volume throughput
limitations which modern-day blockchains will continue to be restricted by for many years to
come. Just as Airbnb and Uber function incredibly-well as centralised server-driven applications,
the OTA model is not broken in that regard.
The Travala team desire to avoid virtue-signalling to the blockchain community about pursuing full
decentralisation. Those aspects of the platform most in-need of blockchain support and enabling
will be powered by the NEO blockchain. AVA represents tokenised real value which the user
has total control over. Maintaining centralised server-powered booking processes and content
delivery will allow Travala to avoid the capacity limitations currently being faced by competitors in
the space.

9

https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Sharding-FAQ

10

https://www.banking.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/Roubini%20Testimony%2010-11-18.pdf

30

Travala.com

11. Token Distribution
& Use Of Funds
AVA Token Details - Details below are subject to change.
The AVA token is based on the NEO NEP-5 Standard11 and will be deployed to the NEO
Blockchain. The tokens can be held in any NEO address, using any wallet software that supports
the NEO blockchain protocol and NEP-5 tokens, including the Travala.com native wallet. There is
61,571,086 total supply of AVA tokens.

Use Of Funds
Funds raised through the AVA token sale are being used across three primary areas, in order to
build on the existing platform and community-building progress to-date, all while ensuring that
the project remains compliant with local laws and regulations where relevant.
Platform Development
Platform development includes: building and securing core smart contracts that implement
issuance of the AVA tokens, booking smart contracts, and governance architecture; service-level
web, mobile (both iOS & Android) and dApp templates and customisation tools, and integrations
that are pre-compatible with future versions of the NEO blockchain (state channels and stable
coin integrations).
Legal and Regulatory Costs
Legal requirements include corporate set-ups in relevant national domiciles as well as the
different financial and operational licenses required. We are working with legal advisors and
regulators in these relevant jurisdictions, in order to comply operationally with local laws in
addition to global AML/KYC frameworks.
Marketing and Promotion
Marketing and business development efforts will be focused on identifying and forming
relationships with API booking providers, hotels and aircraft booking providers. Marketing
efforts will also be focused on increasing the awareness and knowledge of the Travala Platform,
including its functionalities, to the target markets as identified earlier in this document. Additional
resources will be spent as-needed to form strategic partnerships within the OTA and blockchain
11

31

https://github.com/neo-project/proposals/blob/master/nep-5.mediawiki

Travala.com

12. Roadmap
2017
Q4

2018
Q1

Travala concept
created and initial
project variables
identified

2018
Q4

Marketing
campaigns to
increase community
and platform users

Research and
development
of platform
functionality

Development of
blockchain review
program with
incentives giveback

Creation of MVP/
Working proof of
concept

Affiliate referral
program
development

Release of
Marketplace V.1 with
6,000 listings

2018

Reputation
points program
development
Worldwide Coverage
of Properties /
Accommodation

Development of
Marketplace V.2

Q2

2018
Q3

Development of
Travala in platform
wallet for login,
payments and KYC.

Research &
Development
of Global Flight
Bookings

Release of
Marketplace V.2

Implementation
of Enterprise level
scaling solutions
and infrastructure
and performance
upgrades

71,000 listings
added
Key Management
Role Hires
Additional 80,000
listings added
Strategic partnership
with Spotcoin

32

2019
Q1

Travolutionary
aggregation API
integration
Increased supplier
integration capacity

Travala.com

13. Our Partners
Travala has sought to establish and grow partnerships where strategically-worthwhile and of
mutual commercial benefit. Identifying key areas of competence to be reinforced through suitable partner support has been a priority focus to-date. Below are the key partnerships already
confirmed, a list which will continue to be complemented by further cooperation (much of which
is currently in discussion at present).

Blockchain

nOS

Strategic
partners within
the blockchain
space, with
particular focus
on synergies
within the NEO
ecosystem.

Spotcoin

User-friendly desktop and mobile application, a virtual operating
system or users to access the decentralized internet.

Strategic partner within European NEO community.

Coupit.io
Affiliate program ecosystem with built-in online marketplace.

Thor
Blockchain-powered onboarding, incentivisation and payment for
contracted (gig economy) workforces

Switcheo
Strategic partner for access to decentralized technology
developments within NEO ecosystem

Suppliers
Seamless and
fast wholesale
access to the
most relevant
hospitality
products on a
global scale.

33

Travala.com

14. The Team
Matthew Luczynski – Co-Founder & CEO
Matthew is a young and vibrant entrepreneur with a first-class honours
degree in international business. He has been involved with multiple
projects throughout his time at university. He founded an application for
travellers, allowing users to interaction based on geo-location, specifically
designed for meeting new friexnds with similar interests. He also played
key roles at international business competitions set by Harvard business
school, driving his university team to achieve runner-up positions in both
business strategy and business planning case competitions against 13
of the top business universities globally. He has an in-depth self-taught
knowledge of blockchain, having been involved in the crypto space for 5
years.

Steve Hipwell – Co-Founder & COO
Steve is a marketing guru and a serial entrepreneur. He has founded and
directed multiple holiday property sales businesses from the ground up.
Steve has been involved in Bitcoin and cryptocurrency since the early
days. His experience and understanding of blockchain technology and the
cryptocurrency space are hard to match. On an earlier return to the UK
Steve set up a successful online lead generation business. After meeting
his Vietnamese wife, he moved to Vietnam to become a key Sales and
Marketing Advisor for a multi-million-dollar travel and cruise operator.

34

Travala.com

Juan Otero – CSO
Juan is a serial tech entrepreneur and innovation advocate with over 15
years’ experience in building, scaling and leading disruptive technology
companies. Most recently the Founder & CEO of CryptoCurrencies.com.
au, Juan’s experience in tech start-ups has led to his involvement as a
Consultant and Advisor in several leading start-ups, blockchain projects,
start-up accelerators like Silicon Valley’s Founder Institute and Wayra
Telefonica and government organisations like the European Institute of
Innovation & Technology (EIT) and the European Commission. Previous
companies include Sun Microsystems (acquired by Oracle for $7.4B) and
Booking.com, the world’s largest and fastest growing online hotel booking
service, part of Priceline (PCLN) - Mkt cap of $91.5B.

Tam Hoang – CTO
Responsible for management of the technical project roadmap, Tam
continually works on and pushes further the Travala technical vision
and technical team work. With 17 years MNC work experience in various
managerial roles encompassing IT Director, IT Manager, Vice General
Director and COO, Tam has an in-depth knowledge and experience in real
world leadership, information and communications technology, business
management, business development and project management.

Fiachra Mullen – CMO
Fiachra is a tech enthusiast and investor in blockchain projects since
early 2016. With broad involvement in the Hong Kong blockchain space –
primarily across the Bitcoin and Ethereum communities – he is passionate
about the decentralising force of blockchain and its potential to disrupt
and democratise industries for the benefit of the global community.
Previously CEO & Co-Founder at WLTH (www.wlth.tech), he now
passionately drives the Travala marketing program forward. As an
entrepreneur, he previously built and sold both an Irish boutique web
design agency and a Californian-based consumer electronics brand. Prior
to entering the blockchain space, he was a Marketing Director in the
Chinese Consumer FMCG segment.

35

Travala.com

Alberto Cevallas – Token Economics Architect
Founder at Keter.io - a technology research and development firm
specializing in token engineering and blockchain economics - Alberto
created and led the Token Economics team at Vanbex, one of the
leading advisory firms in the blockchain space. Specializing in building
token-powered networks that lead to greater efficiency, liquidity and
opportunity, Alberto is an expert in Token Economics, Valuation & Sales
Structuring, Mechanism Design, and Market Research.

Cong Nguyen – Senior Project Director
Cong is passionate about technology and business transformation.
He held multiple management positions in FPT software – the largest
Software Outsourcing company in Vietnam from 2006 to 2011 and his
contribution to the company was truly appreciated. He took the position
as IT Service Manager of FPT Asia Pacific in Singapore for a year before
investing in and becoming a member on board of QSoft in 2011, making
it a recognized IT brand in Vietnam. He founded and became CEO of
GEM in 2014 with the vision to become a global IT solution company
for enterprises. Cong is the Senior Project Director for the Travala.com
project.

Hoa Pham – Blockchain Developer
Hoa has 4 years’ experience in team-driven environments, working
with both Front-end and Back-end systems. Fluent in JavaScript, his
experience also extends deeply into Amazon Webservice Architecture
VCS dependency, Multi-tiers architecture, MVP architecture etc. He is also
very familiar with database management system PostgreSQL and is FE
certified.

36

Travala.com

15. Appendix
Utility Events & Smart Contracts Powering Travala
Smart contracts power and govern interactions between stakeholders on the Travala platform.
This collection of smart contracts are event-driven IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) changes in state which
collectively log the results of the network activity, enable it to work fluidly and help ensure incentivization mechanisms are executed correctly.
AVA token flow also correlates heavily to the creation and fulfilment of smart contracts. Transactions which encourage the transfer of the AVA token are also referred to as “utility events” on the
booking platform. As increasing numbers of users use the platform, AVA tokens are deployed for
use in the ecosystem in proportion. As users receive tokens through their use of the platform,
they are incentivized through various mechanisms to put the tokens to use for bookings, to gain
access to the higher levels of reputation or to access to the closed user group special offers. Both
types of use drive token velocity and adoption.
Below are a sample of the utility events and smart contracts which together form the intelligent
blockchain-driven engine of the Travala platform in phase one:
Event

Description

Bookings

A proxy smart contract will make sure that both a User (A) and a Service
Provider (B) are safely requesting a “Service Agreement”. Upon successful
recognition of smart contract addresses (through identity authentication), the
Proxy Smart Contract calls an event a method that triggers an event for the
“Services Agreement Smart Contract”. AVA tokens will be held in smart contracts
at any state to mitigate the risks of volatility.

Giveback

For every booking on the platform there will be a giveback that the user can
redeem by returning after their stay to complete a verified honest blockchain
review regardless of it being positive or negative. This incentivizes the review
process which we know is a big problem as customers tend to write bad reviews
more than good ones motivated by anger or sadness. This also incentivizes
repeat bookings as the user knows they have AVA waiting to be used for their
next booking.

37

Travala.com

Event

Description

Reviews

Upon the completion of a services agreement transaction between a User
and a Service Provider, a User is able to deploy an honest review on a public
blockchain. This message is connected to UI that recognizes it as a review for a
specific services agreement. This action will also trigger a percentage giveback
from the booking price to be used for future bookings.

Reputation

With regular use of the platform, reputation scores of a user will increase. As
such, the reputation score increases, the user will be given access to discounts
and offers i.e. Special offers. Validators will provide feedback from reviews and
other activities performed by the user through a proxy smart contract to give an
accurate reputation score.

Referrals

Users who successfully refer to the platform new users are rewarded with
tokens.

Special Offers

Holders of specific amounts of AVA tokens will get access to special offers
section of the Travala platform.
These deals that cannot be displayed publicly and will only be available after
users have logged in to the platform.
Amounts of AVA needed will be dictated by the Travala platform at the time of
implementation.

38

Travala.com

