CONTENT

TRAVELFLEX CURRENT CRYPTOCURRENCY SUMMARY

3

WHY TRAVELFLEX

4

KEY FEATURES OF TRAVELFLEX

5

TRAVELFLEX SOLUTIONS TO THE TRAVEL INDUSTRY

6

TRAVELFLEX COIN TECHNOLOGY

8

THE ICO (INITIAL COIN OFFERING)

9

TRAVELFLEX ICO IN SHORT

10

THE TEAM BEHIND TRAVELFLEX

12

THE ALGORITHM BEHIND TRAVELFLEX

14

BLOCKCHAINS? HOW DOES IT WORK?

16

BLOCKCHAIN VS DAG BLOCK ALGORITHM

17

TRAVELFLEX ROAD MAP

18

THE ICO TERMS OF USE

19

LEGAL ASPECT & DISCLAIMER

20

Travelflex coin: A next generation cryptocurrency and decentralized
coin that makes traveling easier.
© Whitepaper – last updated on December 10th 2017

2

TRAVELFLEX CURRENT CRYPTOCURRENCY SUMMARY

Travelflex Price

US$0.28 per TRF

Genesis Block Created

Saturday, December 02, 2017 11:10:58 GMT

Icon
Name

Travelflex

Symbol / Tag

TRF

Website

www.travelflex.org

Github / Source Code

Will be released after the ICO

Algorithm used

Starting on Travelflex scrypt, will be converted to a
DAG based Algorithm

Forum

Bitcointalk

Travelflex Wallet Version

TravelFlex-qt, file version 4.1.0.0.

Status

Healthy

Connections

8

Hash Algorithm

Scrypt. Will be converted to a DAG based Algorithm

Proof-of-Work Scheme

Proof-of-work

Coins to be Issued

100,000,000 form the ICO + 63,000,000 coins after
30 years of mining will lead to a total of 163,000,000
coins.
Starts at 1 minute on scrypt then will go to 1 second
on the new DAG algorithm

Block Time

3

Block Reward

It starts at 30 coins per minute on scrypt
Travelflex. After the final conversion to the DAG based
algorithm, it will be 1 second per block with 0.5 coins
as reward which equals 30 coins per minute.

Difficulty Retarget

1 block

WHY TRAVELFLEX
The travel industry is a trillion dollar business, which accounts for over 10% of the employment
worldwide.The industry is growing steadily every year. Due to technology, traveling has been made easier
and we are able to travel further in less time. However, financially things could be made easier and more
secure. The Travelflex coin will help to change the travel industry.
When you pay with Travelflex, you can be certain your payment will be made securely and without high
fees. Travelflex is reintroducing the modern form of the good old travelers cheques, which have been a
trusted and secure payment choice for people around the world since 1891.
The name Travelflex is derived from the Travelflex credit card that people can use at any ATM in
the world, or online business that accepts credit cards. Travelflex can also serve as an escrow service.
Furthermore, mining Travelflex coins (TRF) will be ASICS resistant and can be mined with GPU. In the
near future, it can be mined with a mobile application.
The mobile mining application will have social functions, like a chat function and a friend list and it has
a Near Field Communication (NFC) function, which lets you see other Travelflex users around you.
Those functions can be switched off if you don’t like to socialize with others.
For every new coin created by mining, a portion of coins will be donated to a charity of the
miner’s choice. In the upcoming ICO (starting December 14th 2017) we will offer 95,000,000 Travelflex
coins for purchase with a starting price of US$0.28 and 5,000,000 coins are reserved for the bounty
program.
The ICO will provide Travelflex with the funds to further develop and optimize its products, while
giving the participant an opportunity to pre-buy TRF coins and have a chance to win an unforgettable
vacation.

4

KEY FEATURES OF TRAVELFLEX
Super fast transactions worldwide and a proper block size
 Physical Travelflex card
 Escrow service over the network
 A real coin made on a new DAG based Algorithm which will solve the
scalability issues that other coins have
 Direct 100% secure and decentralized chat from wallet to wallet
(peer to peer)
 Near Field Communication (NFC) to see Travelflex users around you
 Social functions that can be switched on and off
whenever you want
 True ASIC resistant decentralized mining
(POW) coin. GPU mining.
 Mobile nodes to keep the network more
decentralized and faster
 Giving back to charity
 24 hours support (live chat)
 Modern printable cheques

5

TRAVELFLEX BRINGS SOLUTIONS TO THE TRAVEL INDUSTRY
The travel industry is one of the world’s largest
industries, with steady growth every year. In 1995,
about 520 million people travelled internationally.

With the development of better means of transport
and the invention of the airplane, reaching the other
side of the world has become very easy.

20 years later, in 2015, this number had grown to
1,065 million people. Over the longer term, the
growth in the tourism sector will continue to be
strong. By the year 2030, the number of international
travelling individuals is estimated to exceed 1.8 billion.

We can now book flights and accommodation online;
we can check the sights, view restaurants or even
have our whole itinerary arranged for us through the
world wide web. Truly, traveling has evolved in the
past years; however, we at Travelflex believe we can
take it to a higher level. Travelflex wants to connect the travel industry to blockchain, to make travel
financially easier, cheaper and more secure.

The global economic contribution of the travel
industry was valued at over $7.6 trillion U.S. dollar
in 2016, which is about 10% of world spending. Furthermore, according to the World Travel & Tourism
Council (WTTC) the travel industry now provides
employment to more than 292 million people, which
accounts for 10.2% of employment worldwide. The
employment number is estimated to grow, as the
travel industry continues to grow steadily, too.

Even though traveling has become financially more
secure and easy already, travelers still face a few
problems nowadays.
Converting your own countries fiat currency into the
fiat currency of your destination can be expensive.
First of all, paying with Travelflex
coins will remove the high fees
of currency conversions. When
a traveler is carrying cash money, to exchange for local currency
upon arrival, he or she will pay a
conversion fee. This fee might be
anywhere between US$1 and US$70
or even higher, depending on the
destination and currency you want to
exchange. Most travelers aren’t very
happy to be paying these fees.

International Tourist Arrivals by region, actual trend and forecast
1950-2030. Source: UNWTO

As the numbers suggest, travelling has become
more accessible to more people in the last few
decades.Travelers first paid with cash, then there were
travelers cheques, and eventually there were payment
cards to make financing your trip easier.

6

This money could be used to finance a nice sightseeing trip, a great
meal at a fine restaurant or could
be used for accommodation. Travelflex coins will
greatly reduce the conversion fee. You will be able
to print your coins and exchange your coins for
real time currency rates at special Travelflex
participating currency exchangers that are already
present in major travel hubs throughout the world.

The Travelflex team is already working hard
to make classic currency exchangers join the
network of Travelflex.
The cheques are secure; they can only be exchanged
when you verify your identity with your own
personal pin code. No one else will be able to
use your printed coins without the pin code.
Additionally, you do not have to carry any more cash
money with you, which can be lost or stolen.
Problems with debit and credit cards are a part of
traveling. In some countries, the local ATM will not
accept your card. There is even the risk that your
card will be lost in the ATM machine. Once again,
you will pay high fees to use your card abroad.
Additionally, when you pay for your accommodation
with your credit card, you will have to hand over
your card to the person behind the desk. They can
easily get all your information and use your card at a
later moment for their own personal use or leak your
information to third parties.

3/ Seller sends the
goods or meets up
with the buyer

Paying with Travelflex coins will solve these
problems. You will not need to provide your
personal wallet information or pin code to anyone at
your accommodation or when booking a flight.
Furthermore, Travelflex can serve as an escrow.
Have you ever booked and paid for a hotel or
other service that upon arrival was dirty and awful,
not available or didn’t exist at all. You can pay your
accommodation with Travelflex coins, and
Travelflex will freeze the coins until the day of
arrival. So that when you arrive, you can be sure that
you will receive everything you have booked and paid
for in advance. If it isn’t what you want to pay for you
simply get your coins back.

1/ Buyer and seller agree to
terms (price, delivery etc)

2/ Buyer sends TRF
to Travelflex and its
escrow service

Seller

Buyer
4/ Buyer accepts or
rejects the mercandise
or service
5/ The TRF are
released and sent to
seller’s account

7

TRAVELFLEX COIN TECHNOLOGY
Mining mobile application
Mining will mainly be done by GPU mining, the
mining pool will be open for everyone when the coin
is finished, furthermore transaction speeds will be
made even better through a mobile application with
mobile nodes on your smartphone.
We want to develop a unique mining application,
which can be installed on your mobile phone. This
will make mining accessible to everyone, not just the
people with big funds to set up mining farms. There
will be no need for expensive hardware, CPU, graphic
cards or ASICs. From day 1 after the end of the ICO,
everyone with a mobile phone will be able to mine
the Travelflex Coin.

A unique social application
Our application is a social application.You will be able
to add friends, family and others to your own friend
list.You can easily send and receive coins from people
in your friend list.
You will be able to chat with your contacts, through
our encrypted chat function. 100% secure wallet to
wallet chat function (peer to peer).
Your profile can be linked to social media. If you
link your wallet to social media, you will get a bonus

8

every time you mine coins. By having your TRF
wallet linked to social media, you can check out the
profiles of strangers you want to send money to,
this will make sending coins safer, by knowing with
who you are dealing with. Our built-in NFC function
will make it possible to find other application users
nearby.
No privacy is lost since it’s a choice to use all those
connections. You can simply put your account on
private if you wish to do so.
Cheaper exchange rates
With Travelflex you don’t pay fees for the
conversion of currency, ATM or credit card use.
You will be able to print your Travelflex coins, and
use them in the same way travelers cheques were used
in the past.You will be able to exchange your cheques
for local currency at TRF ATMs in major travel hubs.
With the physical TRF card, you will be able to take
money from the local ATM without any problem.
More security.
If you lose your Travelflex cheques, or if they get
stolen, you don’t have to worry. The cheques are
secured with your personal pin code. No one else
can use the cheques, without this pin code. You also
don’t have to carry a lot of cash money with you
anymore. Furthermore, you don’t have to submit
your credit card when paying for accommodation,
restaurants or at a store and thus you won’t have
to share your personal information with people that
may have bad intentions with your credit card information. Additionally, problems with ATMs that don’t
accept foreign debit or credit cards are avoided by
using Travelflex coins.

Charity
At Travelflex we don’t just want to change the
way you travel, we also want to help others and the
environment. This is why we have set up wallets for
various charities. When you mine Travelflex coins
through the mobile application or just with your
mining rig, you will get to select a charity you want to
donate 2% of the coins to.
This 2% is put on top of the reward so the miner still
gets his 100% of the block rewards.

THE ICO (INITIAL COIN OFFERING)
The Travelflex ICO crowd sale will be launched on December 14th 2017. Check the Travelflex website at
travelflex.org for the latest information. The ICO will feature 95,000,000 coins for sale and 5,000,000 coins
will be reserved for the bounty program, If coins are not sold they will be burned with proof of burn after
the ICO.
The founders will hold zero pre-mined coins. This is fair and may give purchasers confidence that there is
no “pump and dump” going to happen by the founders. This is also why we do not hold a pre-sale. We do
not want people to hold cheap coins, just to sell them right after the ICO. There will be no coin flipping at
Travelflex.
On the scrypt algorithm 100% of the block reward goes to the miners. This even gives the founders more
insentive to finish the new algorithm in time.
Travelflex has decided to go with a 4-year founder’s reward model, based on the Zcash model (https://z.cash/
blog/funding.html). After the ICO ends, the mining will start. 90% of the newly mined coins will go to the miners,
8% to the founders and 2% to charity. At first, there will be 1 block of 0.5 TRF per second mined.

9

Coin name

Travelflex Coin

Coin abbreviation

TRF

Coin Logo
Coin type

Initially TRF coin script mining, but this will later be
converted to a final product based on DAG algorithm.

Max Coins issued

95,000,000 coins will be for sale during the ICO and
5,000,000 coins are reserved for the bounty
program

ICO funding target

Travelflex ICO has a soft cap of US$6,000,000 and a
hard cap of US$28,000,000.

Pre-ICO Coin price

Travelflex does not do a pre-sale. Since we want a fair
price for everyone. This eliminates the risk of coin
dumping right after the ICO.

Crowd Sale Coin price

TRF Coins will be sold from December 14th 2017
until January 12th 2018 for US$0.28. The coins
can be paid in the equivalent of Bitcoin (BTC),
Ethereum (ETH), BCH, Dash, LTC or fiat currency by
bank wire.

Use of proceeds

Funds from the coin sale will be used for develop
ment of the new algorithm, for running the mobile
application, development of TRF physical credit/
debit cards, legal matters, marketing and sales,
keeping TRF up to date, development team and help
service team salaries.

Coin Distribution

Travelflex coins will be transferred immediately after
the purchase to your Travelflex wallet.

ICO timeline

ICO starting date: 00:01 am GMT on December
14th 2017.
ICO closing date: 23:59 pm GMT on January 12th
2018 or until the hard cap is reached, whichever
comes first.

On the new algorithm there will be a block reward of 0.5 TRF per second.This is equal to 30 TRF per
minute, 300 TRF every 10 minutes and 1,800 TRF per hour.This gives us a total of 43,200 TRF every
24 hours.This will add up to an average coin supply of 15,768,000 TRF per year. After 2 years (block
number 63,072,000) the block reward will decrease by 50%, from 0.5TRF to 0.25TRF per block.Then, after
another 2 years, the block reward will be decreased by 50% again and so on.The first 4 years, 90% of the newly
created TRF will go to the miners, 2% will be donated to charities and 8% will go to the founders.After 4 years,
this construction will stop and 100% of the newly mined TRF coins created will go to the miner and to charity.
THE FOUNDERS HOLD NO PREMINED COINS!

10

One TRF will initially be sold for US$0.28.
To participate in the TRF Coin crowd sale,
you can pay with the following currencies:
Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC), BCH, Dash,
LTC or fiat currency which will be accepted
in the form of bank wire.
The exchange rate that will be used for paying
in coins, will be the equivalent of the price in
USD in Travelflex coins (rates will be taken from
online resources, the actual exchange rate may
differ from the exchange rate used due to the
volatility of the cryptocurrencies). Purchase
agreement on conversion price can be made
over the live chat.

Chart showing the distribution of TRF for miners and founders. At first, the
founders will get 8%of the newly mined TRF, 90% will go to the miner and 2%
goes to charity. After 4 years, 100% of the newly mined TRF will go to the miners.

The founders hold NO premined TRF coins,
this means the founders have more interest in
supporting the product since they only get the
founders 8% reward and they will have no ability to
‘pump-and-dump’. This should give more trust and
stability in participating in TRF.

Funding Breakdown
It is important to us that the participants in
Travelflex know how the funds will be allocated
after the ICO.
The pie chart beside illustrates how Travelflex is
looking to spend the funds.

11

Coins will be transferred to the buyer’s
TRF wallet upon payment confirmation. The
purchased coins will be immediately active.
After the ICO, TRF Coin will be listed on
exchanges and trading can start.
There will be extra coins offered as a
bonus for buyers who commit early, a
so-called early-bird bonus. The bonus coins will be
allocated on top of the regular coins that you are
purchasing. 15% extra coins will be added if you
purchase TRF coins in the first week of the ICO.

THE TEAM BEHIND TRAVELFLEX

Peter Hoogslag- CEO
Peter has been actively involved
in the cryptocurrency space virtually since its inception in 2009.
He wisely decided to concentrate
on Bitcoin mining in 2011 and has
been very successful ever since.
Peter knows about every aspect
of the cryptocurrency world, from
mining and trading, through to
cryptocurrency holding. With his
vast knowledge in cryptocurrency
he has decided to set up his own
coin: Travelflex.

Bing Hayashi
Head of Engineering
Bing is our head of engineering.
After receiving his Phd in
engineering, he has worked as a
back-end software developer and
started working on blockchain
technology and smart contracts
in his spare time. He has been a
computer engineer for PTT, Gas &
Oil line operations.

Marcel Hoogslag
VP of Finance
Marcel had been a General
Practitioner, before going in to
finance. Prior to Travelflex, he has
been responsible for managing
every financial aspect of pharmaceutical companies. Right now,
he is in charge of Travelflex’s
finance and accounting operations.

Alex Putzolu
Blockchain Developer
Alex studied Computer Science
& IT and he has been an active
programmer. He gained interest in
Bitcoin, blockchain and everything
concerning the cryptocurrency
space. His main focus is on blockchain development.

Yosui Kitahara
Core Developer
Yosui
studied
Information
Technology at Murdoc University,
Australia. He is responsible for
everything concerning blockchain.
He tests, builds, installs, repairs
and maintains our blockchain
based programs.

Andy Acataldi
Research & Development
Andy is our Head of Research and
Development for all aspects in
the cryptocurrency space. Andy’s
major role is to research all up
and coming opportunities for the
company to expand upon which in
turn will generate more opportunities for our clients.

12

Steve Baker
Trader
Steve is the genius behind Forex
currency trading which he started
doing at the young age of 19 and is
very successful in his field. He has
the nickname of square eyes due
to his addiction to the computer
screen watching the movements
of the currency markets. Steve
eats, drinks and sleeps trading,
hence his phenomenal skills in this
sector and he has proven to be
a valuable asset to the company
since joining us in 2016.

Tineke Dekker
Graphic Designer
Tineke is our graphic designer.
She has traveled all around the
world and has been involved in
various creative projects and gigs
worldwide. She has been actively
involved in cryptocurrency since
2014 and is very thrilled to be
a part of this project; combining creativity, traveling along with
cryptocurrency.

Tukta Sangkham
Communication
Tukta is in charge of everything concerning marketing and
communication in Asia. She is
glued to her mobile phone, always
checking in to her social media
channels and keeping up-to-date
to the latest information on cryptocurrencies.

13

Pavel Capote
Communication
Being able to speak more than
3 languages, Pavel is in charge of
the European and South American
Travelflex pr-staff. Pavel oversees
social media activity, along with
managing and directing the internal and external communication
of Travelflex.

Kittiya Prommao
Human Resources
Kittiya finished her Psychology
Masters at the Chulalongkorn
University. She has a keen eye
spotting people’s strengths. At
Travelflex, she is responsible for
finding the right people to join
our team.

THE ALGORITHM BEHIND TRAVELFLEX
Not only Travelflex will disrupt the travel industries but thanks to the technologies developed on a complete
new algorithm and adapted to Travelflex payment system, we are going to radically transform the cryptocurrency
industry. Find bellow an example of the thesis behind a new DAG algorithm.
TRF IS A REAL COIN WHICH NOW RUNS ON SCRYPT AND CAN BE ACTIVELY MINED.
TRF WILL BE CONVERTED ON A NEW DAG BASED ALGORITHM WHICH WILL SOLVE
THE SCALABILITY ISSUES THAT OTHER COINS HAVE.

14

More information is available. Please send us an email
for a full abstract whitepaper: support@travelflex.org

15

BLOCKCHAINS? HOW DOES IT WORK?













16

John wants to send Michael some
money (digital currency) electronically.

John uses a digital wallet app to transfer the money to Michael. The app
stamps the transaction with John’s
digital signature. This transaction now
needs to be verified by the blockchain.
John’s transaction is grouped with
other transactions that occur at the
same time into a block. The block has a
unique ID, the transaction time and the
ID of the previous block in the chain.

The block containing John’s transaction is then broadcast to the entire
network to be verified.

Once verified, the block is added to
the head of the blockchain forming, a
permanent and transparent record of
transactions.
After the verification process, Michael
receives the money from John.

BLOCKCHAIN VS DAG BLOCK ALGORITHM
Merits & Demerits of Block Chain
Merits

Demerits

1/ Decentralization. No central administrator

1/ Data size/performance & scalability limit of
block-size, along with consensus mechanism adds
to necessity of more computing power

2/ Transparency & immutability. Public blockchains
are publically viewable.
3/ No intermediaries, no overhead, low transaction
costs

2/ Energy consumption: substantial amount of
computing power = use of more energy
3/ Dependent on Parent Block: If somehow the
Parent block to Child block connection gets
disrupted, then the link/chain is broken

New block

Blockchain

DAG block algorithm
Topological Ordering

17

With Transitive Closure

TRAVELFLEX ROADMAP
4th Quarter of 2016
The initial idea popped up in the visionary mind of
the founder of the company. The creation of a new
cryptocurrency and related secured services, both
dedicated to the travel industry imposed itself as a
disruptive and haunting idea.
1st Quarter of 2017
2 cryptocurrency enthusiasts joined the founder and
set up the original team behind the concept and TRF
coins. The map to make it real was designed and the
team started to work hard on it.
2nd Quarter of 2017
A starting team was gathered around the project
and the full concept defined. Experts started to
develop a beta version of our mobile mining
application on both Android and IOS platforms
following the founders’ map of development. Testing
of the chat was complete and all worked successfully.
3rd Quarter of 2017
The decision to have the company in Hong Kong
was made, to be in the heart of the most dynamic
markets in Asia-Pacific and to secure legal matters
and financial transactions. Our logo and trademark
were also registered.
4th Quarter of 2017
Initial Coin Offering and final testing of the beta
version of our mobile mining application are
complete. The live chat team is ready to answer all
your questions
December 14th 2017 till January 12th 2018
Worldwide launching of the Travelflex ICO, the
target to reach has been set to US$28 million.
Purchasers are invited to join our ICO and benefit
from unique conditions. The ICO will be closed on
the Jaunary 12th 2018. 95,000,000 coins are
for sale during the ICO and 5,000,000 coins are
reserved for the bounty program. All unsold coins
will be burned after the ICO and no coins are held
by the founders.

18

1st Quarter 2018
Mining can start and coins will be created. TRF
coins will be converted to TRF coins. Additional
services will be developed such as the Travelflex
wallet, the Travelflex cheques and Travelflex cards.
Our team will work hard to get TRF listed on all
major exchanges for trading purposes. All legal
aspects are undertaken to sign with our partners for
making the Travelflex card a reality.
2nd Quarter 2018
Printable cheques will be available. Development of
partnerships with leaders in the travel industries
to allow the Travelflex community to use TRF
currency in their usual transactions through booking
services, airlines companies and hotels chains.
3rd Quarter 2018
The physical Travelflex credit cards will be
released and usable at ATMs. Loyalty programs will be
developed with travel industry leaders. Partnerships
with GDS industries will be initiated to allow more
users to benefit from the Travelflex unique services
4th Quarter 2018
A merge will be conducted and TRF will switch to a
new algorithm that will give the coin great scalability
potential and super-fast transaction times. All old TRF
coins will be burned and converted in the new and
final design.
1st Quarter 2019
Travelflex continues to develop new relations with
partners in the industry to give the coin more acceptance and use for the holders. The live chat team is
still there for helping out when needed.
2nd Quarter 2019
The team will keep working on the existing
applications. New ideas may have been born and
in development. By this time, the cryptocurrency
industry may become regulated and Travelflex is
prepared with funds and lawyers, if necessary, to keep
TRF 100% functional within the existing regulations.
This holds the same for if special requirements are
needed before this time.

TRAVELFLEX INITIAL COIN OFFERING TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS OF USE, DO NOT PURCHASE ANY CoinS.
Your purchase of TRF coins (“coins”) during the Initial Coin Offering (“ICO”) from Travelflex
(“Company”, “we”, or “us”), is subject to these terms of use (“Terms”). Each of you and us is a “Party”,
together the “Parties”. By purchasing coins from us during the ICO, you will be bound by these
Terms and any terms incorporated by reference or on our website (Travelflex.org) or in our mobile
application (available after January 12th 2018). If you have any questions regarding these Terms,
please contact us at support@Travelflex.org.
You and Company agree as follows:
• Commencement and
duration of the ICO. The
Company will conduct an
ICO of coins, which
will begin on
December 14th
2017 and end
on January 12th
2018 or until all
coins are sold,
whichever comes
first
• You are 18 years or older
or have permission (parental or otherwise) to purchase
coins. Travelflex cannot ensure coins are not bought
by minors.
• The purchase of Travelflex coins can lead to
loss of money over short or long periods. The
purchasers of Travelflex coins should expect large
range fluctuations in prices. The information on the

19

Website cannot guarantee that
the purchase of Travelflex
coins would not lose money.
• You are solely responsible
to determine what, if any, taxes
apply to their Travelflex
transactions and purchases.
The owners of, or contributors to the website and
the Company are not responsible for determining the
taxes that apply to Travelflex
transactions and purchases.
• We make no claims that the
purchase of Travelflex coins is accessible, appropriate or legal to every person or every country. If you
purchase Travelflex coins, you do so on your own
initiative and you are responsible for compliance
with local laws.

LEGAL ASPECTS AND DISCLAIMER
TRF COINS ARE PRODUCTS, NOT A SECURITY OR AN INVESTMENT; THEY WILL NOT
GIVE YOU ANY VOTING RIGHTS OR ANY OTHER RIGHTS IN THE COMPANY. TRF
COINS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN CERTAIN COUNTRIES OR FOR CERTAIN
INDIVIDUALS. YOU ALONE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PURCHASE OF TRF COINS,
AND ANY RISKS ATTACHED TO IT, FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. YOU MUST
INFORM YOURSELF ON THE RELEVANT LAWS THAT ARE UPHELD IN YOUR COUNTRY OR
STATE REGARDING CRYPTOCURRENCY. TRAVELFLEX CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE.
PLEASE ALSO REVIEW OUR TERMS OF USE BEFORE PURCHASING TRF. IF YOU ARE IN ANY
DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL,
FINANCIAL,TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). NO PART OF THIS WHITEPAPER
IS TO BE DISTRIBUTED OR DISSEMINATED WITHOUT INCLUDING THIS SECTION ‘LEGAL
ASPECTS AND DISCLAIMER’. TRAVELFLEX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,
DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER LOSSES OF ANY KIND,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, INCOME OR PROFITS, AND
LOSS OF USE OR DATA, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCEPTANCE OF OR RELIANCE ON THIS WHITEPAPER OR ANY PART THEREOF BY YOU.
TRAVELFLEX DOES NOT MAKE OR PURPORT TO MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS,
ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING IN ANY FORM WHATSOEVER
TO ANY ENTITY OR PERSON, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR
UNDERTAKING IN RELATION TO THE TRUTH, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF ANY
OF THE INFORMATION SET OUT IN THIS WHITEPAPER

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any
information in this whitepaper or such part
thereof (as the case may be), you represent
and warrant to Travelflex as follows:

investment scheme, (V) units in a business
trust, (VI) derivatives of unities in a business
trust, or (VII) any other security or class of
securities

(a)You agree and acknowledge that in
the case where you wish to purchase any
coins, the coins are not to be construed,
interpreted, classified or treated as (I) any
kind of currency other than cryptocurency,
(II) debentures, stocks or shares issued by
any person or entity, (III) rights, options or
derivatives in respect of such debentures,
stocks or shares, (IV) units in a collective

(b) You are fully aware of and
understand that you are not eligible to
purchase any TRF coins if you are a citizen, a
resident (tax or otherwise) or a green card
holder of a geographic area in which access
to or use of or the acceptance of delivery of
coins is prohibited by applicable law, decree,
regulation, treaty, or administrative act.

20

These forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause the actual future results, performance
or achievements of Travelflex and/or its affiliates
and/or its products to be materially different from
any future results, performance or achievements
expected, expressed or implied by such forwardlooking statements.
These factors include, among others: (I) changes in
political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which Travelflex conducts
its respective businesses and operations; (II) the risk
that Travelflex may be unable to execute or implement their respective business strategies and future
plans; (III) changes in interest rates and exchange
rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (IV)
changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Travelflex; (V) changes in
the availability, fees payable to, salaries of employees,
future capital needs or preferences of customers of
Travelflex; (VI) war or acts of international or
domestic terrorism; (VII) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters or and other disaster that
affect the business and/or operations of Travelflex.
Nothing contained in this whitepaper is or may be
relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of
Travelflex.
Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Travelflex and our respective past, present and future
employees,
officers,
directors,
contractors,
consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors,
service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries,
affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors,
successors and assigns from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) that arise from or relate to

21

(i) your purchase or use of the coins, (ii) your responsibilities or obligations under these Terms, (iii) your
violation of these Terms, or (iv) your violation of any
rights of any other person or entity.
Translations
This whitepaper contains translations of the
English version of the whitepaper. These translations
are provided to you only as a convenience. In the
event of any conflict between the English language
version of the whitepaper and the translated version
of the whitepaper, the information on the English
language version shall take precedence.If you notice any
inconsistency, please report them on/to support@
travelflex.org.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms at any time,
in our sole discretion and without prior notice. All
changes are effective immediately upon posting. Your
continued use of our products following the posting of the revised or updated Terms means that you
accept and agree to the changes. Please refer to the
header of these Terms to view the date of the last
updated version.
Intellectual property rights
Travelflex and its entire contents, features and
functionality (including but not limited to all
information, software, text, displays, images, video
and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement
thereof), are owned by the Company, its licensors or
other providers of such material and are protected
by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and
other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms permit you to use the whitepaper
for your own personal, non-commercial use only.
You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create
derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
republish, download, store or transmit any of the
material in the whitepaper.

