TRUSTTOKEN (TRU)
23 March 2018

Produced by Picolo Research

TRUSTTOKEN (TRU)
Buy
Tokenizing real world assets to create fully
collateralized fractional ownership
Summary

The TrustToken Platform aims to be a protocol to tokenize and transact on realworld assets on blockchains in a legally enforceable, fully accounted and
collateralized way. Specifically, it is a proprietary legal and technical framework
utilized to tokenize various real-world currencies and assets. Potential areas that
can be tokenized are assets such as real estate, patents, media, copyrights,
sports teams, collectible art, and commodities like gold and oil.
Concept

MVP

Established

Company overview

TrustToken is a company based in the United States that provides the
technology and maintains the TrustToken platform and its underlying stable
coins.
The TrustToken Platform is broken into following components:
•
•

•
•
•

SmartTrust – legal contract that designates the asset ownership and custody
to a smart contract on a blockchain
TrustMarket – marketplace where “clients can hire fiduciaries who interface
with legal-financial institutions and are legally bound to manage assets as
instructed by the smart contracts.”
TrustProtocol – “protocol specifications that specify how smart contracts can
direct fiduciaries”
TrustVault – decentralized storage system that is auditable
TrustToken – “platform’s incentive layer to reward trustworthy behavior,
create an audit trail, and collateralize property”

Token Sale

There have been very few details released regarding the tokenomics and dealstructure of TrustToken.
The company indicates that the public sale will be capped at ~$16m, however
at this point in time, we don't have complete clarification regarding the max
cap for the private sale/institutional round. The management team conveyed
the following splits to Picolo analysts.

Token Sale Split
10%

Crowd

23 March 2018

Trust Labs

www.picoloresearch.com

Foundation

30%

60%

General

Ticker:

TRU

White Paper:

TBA

Sale Period:

April 2018

Website:

Click here

Sale info

Pricing:

$0.08 > $0.12

Accepted:

ETH

Min Goal:

NA

Cap:

$16m Public

Escrow:

Smart Contract

Bonus:

TBA

Checklist

Management:
Product:
Commercial:
Interest:
Fulfilment:

Commercial & Technical Strategy

Already having made considerable progress into establishing their platform,
such as collaborating with financial regulators, trust companies, and banks to
secure the backing of TrueUSD, its first stable token, the commercial strategy
going forward is to gain even more partnerships and adoption. One of the
largest blockchain hedge funds (BlockTower Capital) has already publicly
supported the platform and said they would utilize it.

Roadmap

TrustToken has already completed a significant amount of work to date.
Q3 2017 – Complete SmartTrust platform, SmartTrust platform launch, Start
development for TrustProtocol
Q4 2017 – Establish partnerships with banks and exchanges, continue to
develop TrustProtocol, Pre-sale fundraising for TrustToken protocol (which
TrueUSD is built on top of)
Q1 2018 - Launch support for wire transfer purchases/redemptions, Deploy
TrueUSD smart contract, Launch TrueUSD for traders and institutions (alpha)
Q3 2018 - Launch TrueUSD beta for public
Token Use

TrustTokens are integral to the protocol as the:
•
•
•

incentive mechanism to reward positive and trustworthy behavior, which is of
vital when dealing with an asset whose value is backed by a true asset.
audit trail for transparency and trust among token holders and potential
investors
collateralizing mechanism for the underlying property

Use of Proceeds

While a complete breakdown of anticipated expenditure has not yet been
provided, analysis of the materials provided by the team has indicated that the
vast majority of funding will go towards operation expenses (OPEX),
development and legal services.
Token Sale Split
30%

OPEX

Development

Legal
30%

23 March 2018

www.picoloresearch.com

40%

Team

The TrustToken team (~ 11 people) is filled with pedigreed members coming
from Stanford University, Google Brain, Palantir Technologies. In the most
important technical function of the company, the CTO, has a strong
background in Machine Learning and is deeply immersed in the Stanford &
M.I.T community, founding HackSphere, which brings those engineers together.
We note some of them below:
Rafael Cosman – CTO of TrustToken. has Machine Learning background
(Google Brain and Palantir) and is founder of HackSphere, a private community
of 200+ Stanford and M.I.T Engineers.
Stephen Kade - Cofounder of TrustToken. Previously researcher at Kernel and
Co-founder at NeuroTechX
Daniel An – CEO of TrustToken. Daniel has an IT and data science background
and has some experience managing developers at PwC.
Partners & advisors

There is a total of 16 advisors listed currently including marquee names such as:
BlockTower Capital: crypto hedge fund that has already verbally committed to
using one of Trust Token’s stable coins (TUSD)
Stanford’s StartX Fund: a reputable accelerator program
Founders Fund: technology-focused venture capital and funding
Cohen & Co: A Top 50 accounting firm with cryptocurrency expertise
Importantly, TrustToken enlists the use of various trusts to back their stablecoin.
Of notable importance, is Sterling Trustees, based out of South Dakota, the
United State’s most progressive trust jurisdiction and has numerous legal and
tax benefits.

23 March 2018

Strengths
•

TrustToken has already released their first token known as a stablecoin
(TrueUSD or TUSD). The token is already listed on Bittrex and commands a
higher average volume than Maker’s DAI.

TrustToken has already
released its first token
as TrueUSD (TUSD) a
stable coin collateralized
by US Dollars.

•

The legal and technical framework in regards to custody ownership of the
assets and legal contracts is very strong, completely the opposite to Tether
where there is no technical legal recourse if they misappropriate funds.

•

The team has already made significant traction in regards to adoption with
hedge funds and active market makers seemingly anxious to use the
platform, at least for TrueUSD.

•

Deal structure of the offer is compelling. The hard-cap is relatively low for an
ambitious project of this size.

•

The team has sufficient experience from both a commercial and technical
perspective.

•

Institutional support from key players including hedge funds shows that there
is significant demand for such solutions.

Weaknesses
•

The TrustTokens are currently considered securities as they are treated as
“pre-functional” by the SEC. As per our understanding, TrustToken is working
with top law firms to make sure there is necessary utility.

•

There are scalability concerns as adoption continues for larger amounts of
assets.

•

The market is currently dominated by USDT (tether). While tether has
experienced numerous setbacks recently, it is still considered the largest
competitor.

•

TrustToken partners with Trust companies to hold the funds underlying the
TrueUSD tokens. Theoretically, TrustToken has no access to the funds
themselves, yet they have the ability to block any redemption of any
TrueCoin should people not meet KYC/AML requirements.

23 March 2018

www.picoloresearch.com

Opportunities
•

As more institutional investors in the space enter, they all have a significant
interest in using TrueUSD as a store of value between trades. This gives
TrustToken a first mover advantage as at the moment the TrueUSD product is
the most transparent on the market.
USDT Daily Volume Average

Trading of USDT has
surpassed over
$4billion per day
since February 2018.

USDT Volume

$5b
$3.75b
$2.5b
$1.25b
$0b

•

Feb 2017

Aug 2017

Feb 2018

TrustTokens refer to a common metric used called ‘liquidity premium.’ This
assumes that those assets which have liquidity including active owners and
bid/ask spreads will generally command a premium of 20%-30%. With over
$256 trillion of illiquid assets potentially on the verge of being offered as
‘fractional investment,’ this creates an unparalleled opportunity for growth.

Threats
•

Scaling has been an issue for most stablecoins, hence the markets continued
use of tether. While volume is already exceeding $1m per day for TrustTokens
stable coin (TUSD), it will need to be able to handle significantly more to
become the coin of choice for traders and investors alike.

23 March 2018

Conclusion

We are very attracted to TrustToken and the entire ecosystem they are building.
With a potential $256 trillion of assets that can be tokenized, the ‘Liquidity
Premium’ that TrustToken briefly highlights will be a major driver of growth and
adoption for such fractional ownership.
For the reasons listed below, Picolo Research maintains a buy rating:
•
•
•
•

In comparison to others in the ecosystem, TrustToken is an established
company with some segments of its roadmap already operational (TUSD)
The market opportunity for creating fractional ownership of real-world assets
on this scale is significant
The core team comes from a highly technical background. We believe they
have considerable bandwidth to execute on their roadmap
The recent launch of TUSD on Bittrex is a reassuring sign that the company is
focusing not only on development but also puts high importance on market
engagement and penetration

We acknowledge that there are still currently gaps in the information that is to
be communicated in the official whitepaper.
We are advised by the team that clarification on some of the key points will be
publicly distributed in the short term along with further details regarding the
public sale.
In light of the preceding, we believe that TrustToken (TRU) is a long-term buy
for those seeking exposure to an innovative protocol that could one day be
used at scale.

23 March 2018

www.picoloresearch.com

Disclaimer

This report has been compiled by Picolo Research. Picolo Research is an
independent provider of research on cryptocurrency ICO’s. We have not been
paid, nor mandated for this research report. The views expressed within this
report are Picolo’s in its entirety.
The contents of this report and its attached documents have been prepared
without taking account of your objectives, financial situation or needs.
Because of that you should, before taking any action to acquire or deal in, or
follow a recommendation (if any) in respect of any of the financial products or
information mentioned in or downloaded from or through this website,
consult your own investment advisor to consider whether it is appropriate
having regard to your own objectives, financial situation and needs.
Whilst Picolo believes the information contained in this report is based on
information which is considered to be reliable, its accuracy and completeness
are not guaranteed and no warranty of accuracy or reliability is given or
implied and no responsibility for any loss or damage arising in any way for
any representation, act or omission is accepted by Picolo or by any officer,
agent or employee of Picolo or its related entities. Picolo at all times reserves
the right to at any time vary, without notice, the range of services offered by
Picolo and its subsidiaries, and the terms under which such services are
offered. The information in this report may have been used by Astronaut
Capital (www.astronaut.capital) in making an investment decision. The
information within this report is our own opinion only and is not to be used in
making a decision for investment.

Contact us
w: www.picoloresearch.com
e: admin@picoloresearch.com
a: #08-03 Claymore Hill, Singapore

23 March 2018

www.picoloresearch.com

