Contents
Background

01

The Rise of Global Digital Asset Transactions

TrueChain’s Consensus and Technology

02

Minerva Hybrid Consensus

Incentive Model

04

Governance

05

Ecosystem

06

Global Developer Community & Dapp Development
Support
TrueChain Developer Platform
TrueGlobal Competitions
TRUE Holder Communities
Tools and Dapps
Tokenized Assets (Coming Soon)

Roadmap

08

Founding Team and Key Contributors

10

Research and Developers Community
Growth and Operation Community
Advisors

Token Utilities and Token Distribution

14

TrueChain is decentralizing global asset transactions.

Background

The Rise of Global Digital Asset Transactions
Over the past two years, there have been a number of public blockchains.
Each of these blockchains adopts a certain kind of consensus. All
wanted to solve the impossible triangle problem and achieve efficiency,
decentralization, security in the same time.
A public chain that truly solves the impossible triangle problem could
ultimately support potential large volume of transactions of digital
assets worldwide in a decentralized financial infrastructure that is totally
independent of centralized authorities and centralized trust.
There are three trends that we pay most attention to:

A. The liquidation of digital assets on blockchain
B. The tokenization and liquidation of all financial assets and real estate
assets on blockchain
C. Enterprise applications on blockchain

These trends are providing real values to public blockchains after the fall of
utility tokens.
Therefore, we need a public chain to have following features:

A.Permissionless
B. Efficient, or fast
C. Secure
D. Decentralized
E Right gas model to incentivize miner communities and token holder
communities

TrueChain is building up such a public blockchain and the ecosystem
around it. This whitepaper will brief consensus, architecture, incentive
01

model, and TrueChain ecosystem. There are more details available on
Web. For technical details, there is a yellow paper at https://arxiv.org/
abs/1805.01457. For public chain developers, the GitHub link is https://
github.com/truechain.

TrueChain’s Consensus and Technology
Minerva Hybrid Consensus

After the invention of smart contract mechanism by Ethereum, there has
been a continuous evolution of consensus technologies. The first stage
was to improve efficiency of blockchain networks by adopting protocols that
use delegation to reduce processing nodes. Among these technologies,
DPoS was the most successful and mostly adopted. However, there is
a fatal problem of DPoS chains -- the inability to support decentralized
trust ultimately, and the inevitable fate to be reduced to a centralized
infrastructure.
There are a number of trials to invent consensus technologies that could
solve the impossible triangle:

A. Casper is a roadmap that eventually transforms ethereum into a PoS
public chain
B. DAGs are consensus mechanisms that allow parallel processing of
transactions normally on a PoW chain
C. Hybrid Consensus is a way to allow a BFT protocol to work in a
permissionless environment

TrueChain adopts its own version of hybrid consensus.
Hybrid consensus was firstly proposed on a research paper (https://eprint.
iacr.org/2016/917.pdf) as a theory. TrueChain’s core research team and
core engineering team largely improved the original proposal and delivered
the first working implementation. There are few key features of Minerva
Consensus:

A. Replaced Nakamoto PoW (traditional PoW protocol) with fPoW
B. Designed TrueHash, a fundamentally ASIC-resistant algorithm
C. Designed a working architecture of PBFT-fPoW consensus protocol

02

The fPoW protocol eliminates selfish mining attack (a.k.a 25% attack) and
brings miners of different hash powers to the miner community. TrueHash
makes ASIC mining hard. The PBFT-fPoW hybrid consensus achieves
speed, decentralization and security.
The architecture of TrueChain is as below.

TrueChain is implemented as a double-chain structure (Fast Chain and
Snail Chain).
The block of Fast Chain, which mainly contains the transactions and
smart contracts, is generated by the BFT committee when they reach a
consensus. Similar to Ethereum block, fast block provides TxHash, Root,
ReceiptHash for other non-members to verify transactions included at fast
block body.
The block of Snail Chain contains several fruits, and each fruit stamps the
corresponding fast block. Fruit is hanged on snail block, when a fruit points
to a fast block, the fruit stamps the fast block’s hash and number in it. Every
fast block has only one fruit to stamp its hash and number.
TrueBFT is PBFT implemention of truechain. The classical PBFT assumes
less than ⅓ of the participating nodes are corrupt. TureBFT assumes
mildly adaptive adversary model to improve the chain quality.
03

The committee instance is switched after a fixed period of time (with the
snail chain as a logical clock). The members of the next committee are
chosen from Fruit and Block Miners of the current committee.
Truehash is the mining algorithm for TrueChain and is a fundamentally
achieving ASIC resistant algorithm.The implementation of truehash is to
set a group which is complex enough. The principle of truehash's switching
algorithm is that the group elements will be changed every 12 thousand
snail blocks and composed by these snail blocks. Because the hash value
of the block is unpredictable in advance, it's impossible for anyone to know
anything about the new algorithm. From the last cycle, to the algorithm
being invalidated, there is only 88 days in total, so it makes no sense to
produce ASIC in such a short period of time.

Incentive Model
The Ethereum block incentive model and gas model have been widely
adopted for a long time in many public chains' designs. Over the year 2018,
utility tokens have been largely failing because most of them are not backed
by valuable assets. In other words, the value of utility tokens are unsure and
their economic models are generally not successful. For example, a utility
token with only economic model but no revenue would fail miserably.
Therefore, public chains have to support such asset backed tokens. The key
to this problem is incentive model. The economic model of ETH has to be
re-thought and a new incentive model has to be proposed to fulfill the needs
of valuable transactions.
There is a recent article from TrueChain’s research community stating the
problem of Ethereum incentivization mechanism. https://www.reddit.com/
r/ethereum/comments/arsu33/on_the_security_economics_of_public_
blockchains/
An proper model has to incentivize more hash power with larger onchain asset value in order to provide corresponding level of security to the
network. Therefore such an incentive mechanism has to build a linkage
between TRUE token and the gross value of assets being liquidated on
TrueChain.
TrueChain is planning to implement three mechanisms. Combined they form
the new incentive model.
04

A. Allow tokens to be used as gas fee
B. Token gas fees are distributed to miner communities according to
miners’ stake (TRUE token * days) and mining results (blocks and fruits
successfully mined in history)
C. TRUE token awards for successful block & fruit mining

Governance
TrueChain’s goal of governance is to ultimately establish a decentralized
governing model. At the time TrueChain was founded, it was contributed
mostly by the founding time. In summer of 2018, TrueChain Foundation
currently established a board of directors (7 people). Each of the seven
directors is in charge of one part of the foundation’s governance -- research,
core engineering, product development, developers community & human
resource, global token holders community, marketing and ecosystem
building. Together the board directors make strategic and managerial
decisions.
Given the blockchain industry’s fast pace, the foundation’s board is serving
two purposes:

A. Risk control of the decision making process
B. Encourage thorough understanding of problems and improve decision
quality

There is an elected president for the board of directors. The president’s
most important responsibility is to coordinate between each part of the
foundation’s work and guarantee that TrueChain’s strategies and plans are
well executed. This president is acting as an effective “CEO” of the project,
but is re-elected every 3-6 months.
This governance model will last until TrueChain’s mainnet is supporting
a fairly large amount of tokenized assets on-chain and TRUE tokens are
greatly distributed across large number of holders worldwide. After that,
TrueChain will enter the era of totally decentralized governance. Under
a decentralized governance model, TrueChain will form a Committee of
Representatives that is elected by all TRUE holders, and a president will
be elected from the Committee of Representatives by all TRUE holders.
05

A term limit will be imposed on both the committee and the president, with
enforcement of smart contracts on TrueChain that transfers the rights of
using Foundation funds to the newly elected committee.

Ecosystem
Global Developer Community & Dapp Development Support

TrueChain Developer Platform
TrueChain’s in-house product team has built a developers’ platform to
support deployment and management of smart contracts. To access is, go
to link http://dev.truechain.pro/

TrueGlobal Competitions
TrueGlobal is an on-going, independent community effort to support Dapp
developments on TrueChain across the world. The first round of TrueGlobal
competition has finished in Jan 2019 with more than 20 Dapps submitted to
TrueChain’s BetaNet.

06

TRUE Holder Communities
Over one year, there has been more than 150,000 TRUE holders worldwide.
Active communities are located in East Asia, South-East Asia, Mid-East,
North America and Europe. TrueChain has built up a network of community
nodes (a.k.a. contributors) in each country.

Tools and Dapps
Blockchain browsers: TrueScan, TrueLens;
Games: BC.GAME, AIPACA,TrueHeart Game, TrueCard, TrueHonor Red
Packet;
Enterprise Dapps: Pickus, Base.io, True Art, Rose Chain;
Layer 2: ShineChain, Smartins, Nest, Traceability;
Wallet: True Wallet 3.0, Meta True, Money Safe;
Tokenization: TrueST(PandaST), DigiST;
Others: One True for All
To be continued

Tokenized Assets (Coming Soon)

07

Roadmap

08

09

Founding Team and Key Contributors
Research and Developers Community
Eric Zhang
Board Director and Executive President
MSc Computer Science, Oxford University
B.E. Computer Engineering, University of Minnesota Twin Cities
Worked at CERN Openlab
Organizer of CERN Webfest, THacks
Founder of DoraHacks, the most active hacker community and hackathon
organizer in the world
Yang Liu
Board Director and CTO
B.S. & M.S. Computer Science, Tsinghua University
10+ years experience in system architecture
Expert in cryptography and algorithms
Qingsong Zhou
Board Director and Product Team Lead
Co-founder & Former CTO of Honest Doctor
More than 10 years experience in large-scale distributed systems,
architectures and products
Ming Tian
Integration Lead
Golang development engineer with more than 10 years of c/c++
development experience and responsible for large projects
Experience in implementing digital currency trading platform and
cryptocurrency wallets
Felix Cai
Frontend Engineering Lead
Xi'an Jiao Tong University Youth Class.
Champion (1st prize) at DoraHacks Autumn@Xi An 2017
Handeric C
Research Community Lead
PhD in Mathematics
Deep experience in blockchain consensus mechanisms, cryptography and
10

security.
Seay (wizard)
Security Coordinator
The blogger of well-known security blog “cnseay.com”
Former lead of an Alibaba security laboratory
Served Alibaba security, Sobug Technology
10+ years experience in network security, attack and defense
Brian Liu
Blockchain Evangelist
MSc and B.S from Peking University
Author of "Blockchain: 101"
10+ years experience in software development, leading and coaching high
performing teams
Worked at IBM China Development Lab (CDL) High Performance
Computing team
Worked at "LERO”, an Irish software engineering research center’s
distributed systems group
Binqi Tang
Senior Developer
Former manager of Shengzhen Coship electronics company’s development
department
Former Architect of Jwinlink
Former Architect at 58 Home

Growth and Operation Community
Xiaoyong Cheng
Board Director and Chief Strategy Officer
Part-time Researcher at Tsinghua University
Executive Director of China Cloud System Industry Innovation Strategy
Alliance
Member of Chang An Club.
Larry Lin
Board Director and Chief Development Officer
Expert of Internet Marketing and Community Operation
Was responsible for the operation of "Baidu Encyclopedia", the largest
collaborative community in China. Larry has more than 10 years of digital
11

advertising and Internet industry experience, he was the author of several
bestsellers in digital marketing.
Maria Gu
Marketing and PR Head
BComm in Marketing, Canada
5 year experience in business analysis at one of the
largest telecommunication companies in Canada
International marketing and PR experience in Fintech and Blockchain
industry
Hillary Nguyen
TrueChain Vietnamese Partner
Managing partner of AlphaWhale Capital.
A strategist, advisor, communicator, consultant, community influencer and
Speaker in blockchain and digital asset management.
Diverse set of skills, Hillary executes her management role effectively into
the new foundation of company in 4.0 revolution.
Paulus Pham
TrueChain Vietnamese Community Partner
Blockchain community management professional
Pingping Wang
TrueChain Strategic partner of Korea
China Business Director of Element
Money Today Innovation Strategy Team Reporter One Asia Reporter
Asia Today Multimedia Desk & International Reporter
Sun-Woo Chu
TrueChain Strategic partner of Korea
Founder & CEO of Element
Global Finance Society’s China committee chairman Former Editor-in-Chief
of Strategy Team Asia at Money Today Innovation
Multimedia Desk Editor/International Editor at Asia Today

12

Advisors
Chuizhou Lin
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences and Hong
Kong Academy of Engineering Sciences
Former Vice Principle of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology,
Former President of Industrial Technology Research Institute
Former Visiting Professor of National University of Singapore, Tsinghua
University, University of Science and Technology of China, Shanghai
Jiaotong University and many prestigious Institutions at home and abroad.
Yushi Shen
Secretary General of China Cloud System Industry Innovation Strategic
Alliance, Bachelor of Electronic Engineering from Tsinghua University,
Master of Science and Doctor of Computer Science from the University
of California-San Diego. National Thousand Talents Program Review
Specialist, Tsinghua University and many other university researchers. He
has served as a strategic consultant for Microsoft Corporation, head of cloud
computing government affairs and business development in China, and
worked at Microsoft headquarters from 2006 to 2012 as a senior software
architect.
Puntil Jongjittrakoon
President of Thailand Crypto Beach Association
Jimmy Zhao
Founder of ZBX.COM( European branches of ZB),
Founder of Cryptonord (Cryptonord is the Cornerstone Investors of
TrueChain)
A prominent figure in the blockchain industry of Europe, Jimmy manages a
fund of 10,000 bitcoins

13

Token Utilities and Token Distribution

TrueChain’s mainnet currency is TRUE token, a utility token for transaction
gas and staking. The total amount of issuance is 100 million TRUE tokens.
The proportion of TRUE distribution is shown as follows:

TRUE allocated to the TrueChain core contributors’ team and community
members will be restricted by the long-term weighting schedule, and the
specific contact rules are as follows:

A. 20%, or 3000000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 3 months
of token distribution.
B. 25%, or 3750000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 12 months
of token distribution.
C. 25%, or 3750000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 24 months
of token distribution.
D. 30%, or 4500000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 36 months
of token distribution.

14

February 2019

