White paper

2

Contents

1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

4

2.0 CURRENT PROBLEMS IN THE ONLINE MARKET

5

2.1 Trust & Transparency

5

2.2 Expensive, Slow & Complicated Payment Processing

5

2.2.1 The Arduous Process of Transaction Settlement

5		

2.2.2 High Fees

7

2.2.3 Long Transaction Times

8

2.2.4 Mobile Payments Are Not Universally Integrated

8

2.3 Traditional Contracts & Licensing Are Slow & Expensive

8

2.4 Centralised Markets for Creative Works Are Ineffective

8

2.5 It’s Difficult to Prove Ownership of Intellectual Property

9

3.0 THE TYPERIUM APPLICATION

9

3.1 Design & Content Creation Software

10

3.2 The Typerium Creative Marketplace

10

3.3 Social Media Network

10

3.4 Intellectual Property Protection

11

3.5 The Typerium Solution: More Trust, Faster & Cheaper Payments,
Proprietary Wallet & Token

11

3.5.1 A Universal & Transferable System for Trust & Reputation

12

3.5.2 A Blockchain-based Payment Gateway

12

3.5.3 Integrated Wallet & TYPE Tokens

12

4.0 HOW TYPERIUM WORKS
4.1 The Universal Trust & Reputation System

13
13

4.1.1 The Merchant Trust Rating

13

4.1.2 The Client Trust Rating

13

4.1.3 Claims, Reviews & Conflict Management

14

4.1.3.1 Use Case: Claims

14

4.1.3.2 Use Case: Reviews

14

4.1.4 Sales Contracts

15

4.1.5 Fraud

15

4.2 The Typerium Payment Gateway

15

4.2.1 How Typerium’s Mobile Payments Work

15

4.2.2 How Typerium Reduces Payment Fees & Transaction Times

15

4.3 How the Typerium Wallet Works

16

4.3.1 Case Study: How Typerium’s Merchant Fees Work in Practice

16

4.3.2 Case Study: Typerium’s Improved Transaction Times

16

5.0 PRODUCT ARCHITECTURE & DEVELOPMENT TIMELINE

17

5.1 Smart Contracts & Workflows

17

5.2 Intended Product Architecture

21

5.3 Product Development Roadmap

22

3

Contents

6.0 MARKET OPPORTUNITY

23

6.1 The Rapid Growth of e-Commerce

23

6.2 The Explosive Growth of Mobile & Digital Payments

23

6.3 The Booming Digital Asset Economy

24

7.0 BUSINESS MODEL

25

7.1 Revenue Share

25

7.2 Charity

26

7.3 Marketing & Strategy

26

7.3.1 The Network Effect

26

7.3.1.1 How the Network Effect Works

27

7.3.2 Loyalty & Rewards

27

8.0 CROWD SALE DETAILS

28

8.1 Pre-Sale Details

29

8.2 Token Sale Details

29

8.3 Token Economy

29

8.3.1 Pre-Sale

29

8.3.2 Exchanges

29

8.3.3 TYPE Tokens

30

8.4 Budget
9.0 LEGAL

30
31

9.1 General Information

31

9.2 Knowledge Required

31

9.3 Risks

31

9.4 Important Disclaimer

31

9.5 Representation & Warranties

32

9.6 Governing Law & Arbitration

33

10.0 TEAM

34

10.1 Typerium Team

34

10.2 Typerium Advisory Team

35

11.0 REFERENCE LIST

References
* https://www.statista.com/statistics/237769/value-of-the-us-entertainment-and-media-market/

36

4

1.0 Executive Summary

1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The online world has brought a range of opportunities to merchants and creators, but
there are still significant issues with the systems involved in getting their products to
consumers.
One of the most prominent is the lack of trust on the internet, which often leads to fraud
and other scams. Where there are trust systems in place, it takes time and resources to
get a rating that shows an entity is reliable, and the ratings aren’t transferable to other
marketplaces. This means that a business that desires to move to or expand to a new
market must go through the arduous process again and again.
Another stumbling block in online transactions is the expensive, slow and complicated
payment process. Fees can be high, particularly for international transfers. It can also
take from two days to two weeks for funds to end up in a merchant’s account, which
can create cash flow issues. On top of this, many merchants are lagging behind when
it comes to accepting mobile payments, because traditional payment gateways often
make it too difficult for them to do so.
Typerium aims to change this by bringing about smoother transactions and a better
online experience for both buyers and sellers. Its platform will leverage the Ethereum
blockchain and smart-contract functionality to create a universal and decentralised trust
and reputation system. This will give each party more information when they conduct
transactions, help to reduce fraud and make it easier to resolve any conflict. On top of
this, Typerium will have a seamlessly integrated mobile payments solution that takes
advantage of the latest technology developments.
The Typerium application will also bring a host of improvements to the lives of creators.
It will include intuitive design software that makes it much easier to create visually
stunning work, as well as its own marketplace where users can buy and sell content.
It will even allow creators to register their intellectual property on the Ethereum
blockchain to help prevent IP theft.
The Typerium Creative Marketplace will use its own wallet and currency, the TYPE
Token, and feature the trust and reputation system, as well as the integrated mobilepayment solution mentioned above. Over time, these systems will be expanded to third
party retailers so that they can also take advantage of the increased functionality and
lower costs that come from using the Typerium system.
Typerium will support its operations by charging a transaction fee of just 1.5%, which is
significantly less than merchants currently pay.
The marketing strategy of the Typerium service involves taking full advantage of the
network effect, as well as ensuring that Typerium is available in as many outlets as
possible through a partnership system. The TYPE Token will be available through a
crowd sale in 2018.

5

2.0 Current Problems in the Online Market

2.0 CURRENT PROBLEMS IN THE ONLINE MARKET
The online market has brought a wealth of options to creators and merchants, giving
them many new avenues to connect with potential customers. Despite this, there are
still a range of problems:
2.1 Trust & Transparency
If creators want to exchange their work for money, or merchants want to sell their
products, they need trust and transparency to facilitate the process. For the most
part, this is currently done through centralised marketplaces such as Shutterstock or
Amazon.
Reviews and rating systems provide a way for customers to evaluate the legitimacy of a
merchant or a creator, so that they can decide whether they want to make a purchase
from them.
According to EConsultancy, 88% of customers read online reviews before they decide
on their purchases, while figures from Search Engine Land, show that 88% of customers
trust online reviews as much as personal recommendations.
Despite how useful reviews can be, they also pose challenges to merchants. One
of the main problems is, that reviews and ratings are generally restricted to each
central marketplace, and it can take significant time and resources to build up a good
reputation. If a merchant has great reviews on Amazon, these don’t really help them if
they choose to expand or switch over to a new marketplace. They will have to start all
over again, and expend the necessary time and resources to achieve good reviews and
high ratings in the new marketplace.
While current marketplaces may give information on the seller, many don’t offer the
same details for the buyer, which leaves the opportunity for fraud wide open. According
to a Nilson Report, credit card fraud will cause $31.67 billion in losses globally by
2020. The LexisNexis 2016 True Cost of Fraud Study states that e-commerce and
m-commerce merchants lose 1.4% and 1.7% of revenues respectively to fraud, which
significantly cuts into the profit margins of many online businesses.
2.2 Expensive, Slow & Complicated Payment Processing
In the current market, online payments are complex, inefficient, untimely and have
unreasonably high fees. A range of different payment options are employed, but all of
them make the process unnecessarily complex and expensive.
2.2.1 The Arduous Process of Transaction Settlement
Transferring money from a customer’s bank account into a merchant’s account can
take up to 16 steps, regardless of whether it is for an in-store purchase, e-commerce or
m-commerce. These images show just eight of the steps in the process of authorisation,
authentication, clearing and settlement:

6

2.0 Current Problems in the Online Market

1 Authorisation
CARDHOLDER

CREDIT CARD NETWORK

ACQUIRER

MERCHANT

ISSUING BANK

1

2

3

4

Cardholder pays
the merchant with
a credit card.

Merchant sends
those details to
the acquirer.

Acquirer forwards
those details to the
credit card network.

Credit card network
requests authorization
from the issuing bank

7

2.0 Current Problems in the Online Market

2.2.2 High Fees
Traditional transfers can have up to fifteen different types of fee, which significantly
cut into the profits of businesses. Transaction fees are usually between 2-6% per
transaction, plus a fixed fee of between US$0.1-0.7. For example: every time someone
makes a transaction for US$10, the merchant pays an average of:
10x((0.02+0.06)/2) + ((0.1+0.7)/2)) = US$ 0.8
Which means that 80 cents of that ten dollars goes from the merchant to banks, credit
card associations, payment gateways and processors. Transferring money across
international borders also results in high fees. For funds received from outside of the
U.S., PayPal charges merchants a transaction fee of 4.4% plus a fixed fee (depending
on the currency), while it charges 2.9% plus $0.30 for funds coming from within the
United States. Some payment gateways and processing companies also keep their fee
structure hidden or totally incomprehensible to the average merchant, which makes it
hard for them to discover how much international transfers will actually cost them.

8

2.0 Current Problems in the Online Market

There are also terminal fees, which retail merchants pay for the terminals; PCI fees,
which are paid to the payment card industry for compliance; annual fees; monthly
fees; IRS reporting fees; network fees; address verification service (AVS) fees; voice
authorisation fees (VAF); batch fees; NFS fees and more.
2.2.3 Long Transaction Times
Moving money from one bank account to another involves many separate parties and it
can take up to three days to settle a transaction. The added complexities of international
payments can cause them to take a week or more. During these times, payment
gateways hold the money, which can cause cash flow problems, particularly for smaller
merchants. These delays are inconvenient and costly for all businesses.
2.2.4 Mobile Payments Are Not Universally Integrated
As our society gravitates more toward mobile usage, more customers are expecting to
be able to use their phones for payments. Despite this growing desire, mobile payment
solutions aren’t uniform or universally available. The solutions that payment processors
offer for merchants to accept mobile payments can also be difficult to implement.
One of the main reasons for these issues is that payment gateways and terminals were
originally developed for physical credit cards. At their core, they are not mobile-friendly,
which has made integration more complex.
2.3 Traditional Contracts & Licensing Are Slow & Expensive
A lot of business processes require contracts and licensing, particularly when it comes
to creative works. This adds significant expenses, particularly for smaller businesses,
because almost all contracts and licenses require the assistance of a lawyer. This also
tends to drag out the process substantially, which is even more time that the merchant is
delayed from their core tasks.
2.4 Centralised Markets for Creative Works Are Ineffective
According to the IPSE, freelance work is growing, particularly in the creative industries.
While freelancing offers the individual more freedom over their schedule, it brings
them the additional complications of having to run their own business, doing their own
marketing, accounting and licensing. These aspects can take up large portions of the
creator’s time, so many tend to outsource these tasks to centralised markets.
These markets have a tendency to pitt creators up against each other and also forces
down the royalties they are paid. It ends up being a race to the bottom, with creators
struggling to feed themselves.

9

3.0 The Typerium Application

2.5 It’s Difficult to Prove Ownership of Intellectual Property
Intellectual property laws are complex and they tend to vary around the world. There is
no central registry where creators can catalogue and authenticate their works, which
makes it much easier for third parties to use their works illegally, without proper attribution
or payment. This is a huge challenge for creators that has a serious impact on their
livelihoods.

3.0 THE TYPERIUM APPLICATION
All of these problems will be solved by the Typerium application. It is a multi-layered
platform that brings together creative design software and a marketplace to, buy and sell
creative content, as well as intellectual property (IP) protection, a reputation system, a
payment gateway, a token and a wallet, all based on the Ethereum blockchain.

10

3.0 The Typerium Application

Initially, the Typerium trust and reputation system, payment gateway, TYPE Token and
wallet will be used in the Typerium Creative Marketplace, but the technology will then be
expanded to third party platforms so that they can also take advantage of its benefits.
These systems will leverage the latest technology to:
• bring more trust to the marketplace and reduce fraud
• significantly reduce fees and transfer times
• allow creators to authenticate and track their intellectual property
• decentralise power, giving creators and small businesses more control and security

3.1 Design & Content Creation Software
Typerium’s software will help to build the bridge between everyday people and stunning
visual design. By suggesting typographical layouts, image pairings, font pairings, filters
and more, users will be able to create beautiful pieces of content without any prior design
experience. It will be easy to use, allowing budding creators to publish their content to
major social media networks within seconds. Because it is decentralised, users will also
be able to download the content to their computers, upload it to websites, use it as part of
their blog, as headers, as images and more.

3.2 The Typerium Creative Marketplace
The Typerium platform will also include a marketplace where creators can distribute
their content. It will essentially give creators their own shop where they can sell their
content for TYPE Tokens, Typerium’s own cryptocurrency.
Creators will receive 85% of the commission for their sales, with the remainder being
used for the operation of the platform and other related structures. TYPE tokens can
be used to buy font packs, image packs, filter packs and more, and they will also be
exchangeable for Ethereum, but only by third-party exchanges not connected to the
Typerium platform.
The marketplace will be easy for buyers to use as well. They will be able to find great
content by browsing through the ‘Best Selling’, ‘New’ and ‘What’s Hot’ sections and then
either purchasing what they like or licensing it out.
The marketplace will use Typerium’s own blockchain-based trust and reputation system,
payment gateway, token and IP protection to bring a host of benefits to its users (see
section 3.4 for details).

3.3 Social Media Network
One of the central aspects of Typerium is its social media network. This works together
with the other elements to provide a cohesive and holistic system that makes it easy for
users to create, share, buy and sell content.

11

3.0 The Typerium Application

The Typerium app is fast and easy to use, allowing creators to share their content to
linked social media accounts within seconds. All they have to do is create the content,
click publish, select whichever social media network they want, and it will be published
there straight away.
The social media network will help to build a creative community, where users can
follow, like, comment and share with others. They will also be able to chat privately
about creative ideas or just to catch up. All of these elements will bring users together,
providing a community that uplifts, motivates and inspires both content creators and
consumers.
To encourage the growth of a thriving and positive social network, Typerium will reward
users for high quality contributions. This will drive creators to help each other and
produce even better content.

3.4 Intellectual Property Protection
Typerium’s blockchain technology will provide another advantage to creators,
allowing them to timestamp their creations and intellectual property. This will provide
authentication and certification that verifies the content’s owner, allowing them to track
their content and keep it safe from intellectual property thieves.
It does this through the concept of Proof of Existence, which allows users to store the
hash of a file that is linked to both the times that the file was submitted and when it was
created. It is done securely and anonymously, allowing users to publicly prove that they
possessed a certain file or data, without revealing their identity.
Typerium’s Proof of Existence system uses the Ethereum blockchain to store the file’s
hash in an immutable data structure. The advantage of this is that there is no need for a
central authority, so users can maintain their complete anonymity.
If a creator wants to protect one of their creations or some intellectual property, they can
use Typerium to store the file’s hash on the Ethereum blockchain. This will enable them
to prove that they were the original creator without publicly identifying themselves, and
there will be no doubt about the ownership of the file.

3.5 The Typerium Solution: More Trust, Faster & Cheaper
Payments, Proprietary Wallet & Token
The Typerium platform is a multi-layered system, and some of the key aspects are its
universal trust and reputation system, payment gateway, TYPE Token and wallet. All of
these systems will utilise blockchain technology to provide an ecosystem with more
security, greater efficiency and lower fees.
At first, these aspects will be developed for use within the Typerium Creative
Marketplace, but over time they will be used by third party online retailers (such as
Shutterstock or Amazon) so that they can also reap the benefits.

12

3.0 The Typerium Application

3.5.1 A Universal & Transferable System for Trust & Reputation
Typerium will have its own blockchain-based trust and reputation system for use in
its marketplace, as well as for third party platforms. This system will be universal,
transferable, self-executing, free from control by a central authority, and it will work
flawlessly alongside the Typerium payment solution.
The trust and reputation system will give more control and transparency, and also
reduce the incidence of fraud between Typerium’s creators and buyers, as well as third
party users. All transactions will be recorded over the Ethereum blockchain, and smart
contracts will be used to automatically update ratings based on the performance and
history of buyers and sellers, which will be available for all to see.
Typerium’s system will have an automatic conflict management system, as well as
reviews, which will help all parties to make informed decisions on who they do business
with (see section 4.1 for more details on how the system works).
3.5.2 A Blockchain-based Payment Gateway
The payment gateway will be used for transactions within the Typerium Creative
Marketplace at first, but eventually the technology will be available for third party
retailers to use alongside other payment methods, such as PayPal and credit cards.
Typerium’s payment solution will have many advantages over traditional methods. These
include:
• one step transactions instead of up to 16
• transactions that are up to 700 times faster (just 15 minutes instead of up to a 			
week for international transfers)
• a single fee of 1.5% (traditional payment methods can have international transfer 		
fees of 4.4%, chargeback fees and more)
• making it easier to accept mobile payments
• making chargeback fraud impossible
These benefits will apply to both the content creators who sell via the Typerium Creative
Marketplace, as well as to third party merchants who integrate Typerium’s technology as
part of their payment systems.
The Typerium payment gateway is decentralised by using Ethereum’s smart contracts,
and will be able to accept Ethereum-based cryptocurrencies. This means that creators
and customers can participate in global, decentralised commerce with total trust.
3.5.3 Integrated Wallet & TYPE Tokens
The application will also include an integrated mobile wallet that can be used to transfer
TYPE Tokens across the Typerium Creative Marketplace. In the future, TYPE Tokens will
also be used to buy and sell goods in third party marketplaces. There will be mobile,
desktop and app wallets that will show the user’s balance, transactional data, any
earnings and more.
Users will be able to convert TYPE Tokens to Ethereum on third-party exchanges. The
applications and wallets will be developed with the highest level of security, so your
TYPE tokens will be kept safe and can only be accessed with your private key.

13

4.0 How Typerium Works

4.0 HOW TYPERIUM WORKS		
Typerium’s blockchain-based systems will work exactly the same, whether it is for
content creators and buyers, or for third party merchants and their clients. The trust
and reputation system, mobile payments and smart contract wallet all record data to
the blockchain whenever a transaction is made, increasing transparency, automating
processes, reducing fraud and much more.
4.1 The Universal Trust & Reputation System		
The trust and reputation system will allow clients and merchants to file and solve claims,
rate each other and more. The smart contract will automatically change the trust level of
each party after a transaction is made; as well as whenever a claim is registered, solved
or unsolved; or when a review is written. Default trust ratings will be set up for both
merchants and clients that are using the Typerium ecosystem for the first time. A trust
rating will be assigned to a specific wallet address.
4.1.1 The Merchant Trust Rating
Once a merchant starts accepting Ethereum-based currency payments through
Typerium, a default trust-rating will be created. Smart contracts will automatically
change the trust-rating based on the actions of the merchant. These include:
• whether the merchant reacts to claims from clients
• if they react quickly to claims
• how clients rate the merchant for delivering products as promised. Were they on
time, as advertised and in good quality?
• whether the merchant has good reviews from clients
Each factor will have a different weighting, and the overall trust-rating will be clearly
visible in either the footer of the merchant’s website, or the mobile app. The only way the
merchant can increase the trust-rating is by providing products or services as advertised
and in good condition.
4.1.2 The Client Trust-Rating
The client trust-rating will help to reduce the likelihood of fraud. Once a client buys
something from a merchant using Typerium for the first time, the default trust-rating
will be automatically created and linked to their wallet address. The client trust-rating
will then be updated automatically by the smart contract, based on how they behave.
Different weights will be assigned to different actions. For example:
• Does the client have a history of claims?
• How many claims have they made? Have they been resolved?
• Purchase history: behaviour, frequency, etc.
The trust-rating of the client will be available on the blockchain, in a user-friendly
interface that merchants can see once the purchase is made, and also in Typerium’s
mobile app. In the rare case that a client acts inappropriately, this allows the merchant to
rate them negatively, warning future merchants to be wary of doing business with them.

14

4.0 How Typerium Works

4.1.3 Claims, Reviews & Conflict Management
Typerium’s system will save every transaction on the blockchain, along with all of the
important data. The following information will be available:
• The merchant will have records of transaction times, the receiving and sending wallet
addresses, warranty conditions, delivery times and more. Data will be kept for every past
transaction in their profile on Typerium’s system.
• The client will be able to see all of their purchases, as well as the details mentioned
above. The information will only be available in their profile on the Typerium mobile app.
Based on this information, parties will have the opportunity to file and resolve claims,
as well as review and rate each other. Smart contracts will automatically decrease or
increase the trust-rating based on the actions of each user. Conflict resolution through
smart contracts will help each party to deal with situations faster, easier and with lower
expenses (merchants won’t have to pay chargeback fees).
4.1.3.1 Use Case: Claims
Once a client makes a purchase, all of the necessary information is saved to the
blockchain, which the client can view in the Typerium app. When the client logs in, they
see all of the purchases they have made with their wallet address over the Typerium
payment gateway.
If there is an issue with a particular purchase, the client can select it and initiate a claim
by providing the details and circumstances for the claim. For example, if they have
received a product that isn’t as it was advertised, the client can file a claim, which will
immediately decrease the merchant’s trust-rating. This incentivises the merchant to
solve the problem as quickly as possible.
The merchant will receive a notification about the claim and they can contact the client
off-chain. The client and merchant can then come up with a solution, after which, one of
the parties will initiate a resolution by pressing the “Claim resolved” button in the mobile
app or the merchant system.
Details of how the situation was resolved (if the product was changed, the money was
returned, etc.) must also be provided, and they are saved to the blockchain. The other
party will get the notification, read through the details and can then agree by pressing
“Claim resolved”. Once the claim is resolved, the trust rating is instantly increased for
both parties.
4.1.3.2 Use Case: Reviews
Clients and merchants will be able to write reviews about each other. Written reviews
will carry more weight on trust-ratings than transactions without reviews. Clients will
be able to see the merchant’s past reviews in the mobile app, while merchants will
see the reviews that clients have written about them in their system. All reviews will
automatically affect the trust-rating of the client and the merchant.

15

4.0 How Typerium Works

4.1.4 Sales Contracts
Typerium can also be used to enforce sales contracts. If a merchant chooses to offer
a 15-day return policy with no questions asked, a smart contract can be used to
implement it. These kinds of policies can be used by merchants to separate themselves
from their competitors. The smart contracts will ensure that merchants and consumers
are respecting their commitments to each other, while the rating system will reflect their
past actions.
4.1.5 Fraud
Typerium’s trust-rating system will be a key driver in reducing fraud on the platform. With
everyone’s ability to view the purchase histories, reviews and ratings of each party that
they deal with, any individual who has previously acted inappropriately, will be easy to
spot. This allows all parties to make informed decisions about their transactions and
provides a safer e-commerce environment for everyone.

4.2 The Typerium Payment Gateway
Typerium’s system will be available to third party platforms to use for payments, just like
PayPal or credit cards. Its underlying technology will provide a range of advantages to
the merchants that implement it.
4.2.1 How Typerium’s Mobile Payments Work
When clients shop online, they will pick their items and add them to their cart like
normal, but when they go to pay, they will select the Typerium gateway instead of the
other available options, such as credit card or PayPal.
The payment amount will be converted from traditional currency to the selected
Ethereum-based token in real-time. A QR code will then be generated, which the client
scans with any crypto-wallet on their mobile app and presses “send”. The transaction
will show on the blockchain within five minutes and will normally be confirmed in
fifteen minutes. Once it is confirmed, the tokens will arrive in the merchant’s wallet. The
confirmation time all depends on how busy the Ethereum network is, although there are
a range of projects that aim to help Ethereum with scaling, so that it can handle more
transactions per second.
The merchant can then use a crypto exchange such as Kraken to convert their TYPE
Tokens to their desired currency (ETH, BTC, USD, EUR etc.). Merchants will be able to
choose how often crypto tokens are sent to third-party exchanges, the local currency
they want them exchanged to, when the money will be sent to their bank account, and
more.
4.2.2 How Typerium Reduces Payment Fees & Transaction Times
Typerium is easy, fast, cheap and guaranteed by smart contracts. The picture below
shows how blockchain technology changes the method of payment. The transaction
will go directly from the client to the merchant, ditching the intermediaries, which saves
merchants a huge amount of time and money. The merchant will no longer have to close
or settle anything, because it happens at the same time as the transaction. There is only
one step instead of 16.

16

4.0 How Typerium Works

Because the payment goes directly from the client to the merchant, it arrives after about
fifteen minutes, instead of the two weeks that it can sometimes take for traditional
transfers. Instead of having to pay up to 15 different fees through standard payment
gateways, merchants that use Typerium will only have to pay one: a flat fee of 1.5%.
Typerium will also put an end to the unfairly high chargeback fees that merchants
sometimes have to pay. If there is a situation where the merchant agrees to send the
money back to the client, they just send it back and only pay the 1.5% transaction fee.
Typerium’s fee structure is transparent with no hidden fees or loopholes in the fine print.

4.3 How the Typerium Wallet Works
A merchant’s Typerium wallet acts like a bank account, storing funds and enforcing
security. The biggest difference is that with Typerium, the account is only controlled by
the merchant, as opposed to normal bank accounts where the bank has control. Banks
run the databases that show your account’s status and whether money is available for a
particular transaction, so when you use them, you have to trust the bank for the safety
of your money. Typerium shifts this balance of power. Because it is decentralised, it will
not be able to suspend, hold or prevent any transactions. Instead, Typerium creates
permissionless transactions that will be instantly guaranteed by smart contracts.
Typerium removes the uncertainty associated with not knowing where money is and
why it’s being withheld.
4.3.1 Case Study: How Typerium’s Merchant Fees Work in Practice
Steve is the owner of a small e-commerce store that sells T-shirts for $10. He has always
been frustrated by the high transaction fees that he has had to pay banks and other
intermediaries. One day, he found out about Typerium through a financial news article
and decided to try it out. It only took him a few minutes to get started and now the
transaction money goes directly from the buyer into his account. Steve can now accept
mobile payments and also pays significantly less for his transactions.
Steve used to pay 2-6% of the purchase price in fees, plus a fixed rate of between $0.1
and $0.7 for each transaction. Now he pays just 1.5% with Typerium, which averages out
at about five times cheaper.
4.3.2 Case Study: Typerium’s Improved Transaction Times
For 12 years, David has had an online business that sells various home appliances
to customers from around the world. The delay between the sale and the funds
showing up in his account frustrates him, since there is no genuine reason for such
an inconvenience. If the client is local, the funds show up in his bank account within
three days. If the client is from the other side of the world, it may take up to a week. He
has to trust the client and the banks because he ships the product before he receives
the funds, and the funds could also be held up at the payment gateway for a week.
Because of the time it takes for him to receive the money, he often experiences cash
flow problems and is not able to pay his suppliers. One day, David’s friend told him
about Typerium and how it only takes about fifteen minutes to receive the money after a
purchase is made. With Typerium, David can also accept mobile payments. He no longer
has to trust banks or payment gateways, which has solved his cash flow problems. He
receives the funds, can ship products instantly and can order more products without the
fear of not being able to pay his suppliers.

5.0 Product Architecture & Development Timeline

17

5.0 PRODUCT ARCHITECTURE & DEVELOPMENT
TIMELINE
Typerium’s application features a range of different elements, including its content
creation software, marketplace, social network, reputation system, payment gateway,
token and IP protection. These will be rolled out in stages, focusing first on applying the
technology to Typerium’s own marketplace before integrating its solutions with third
parties.

5.1 Smart Contracts & Workflows
Typerium’s payment solution and reputation system will work together on top of the
Ethereum blockchain. The number of smart contracts, a more detailed structure, and
further information on functionality will be finalised during development.
To illustrate the intended functionality, we have created sample workflows that illustrate
the purchasing and claiming processes, as well as how they affect the trust-rating for
both parties.
The client makes a purchase:

CLIENT VISITS ESHOP

SELECTS ITEMS &
CHOOSES TO PAY
WITH ETHEREUM

USING ANY WALLET
CLIENT SCANS A QR CODE

CODE IS THEN GENERATED
BY TYPERIUM SERVERS.

DISPLAY MERCHANT
INFORMATION/SETTINGS
& PURCHASE DETAILS

BLOCKCHAIN

MERCHANT SETTINGS
VALIDATED

YES

PAYMENT GATEWAY
SHOWS A SUCCESSFUL
TRANSACTION

NO

CANCEL THE INTENT
TO PURCHASE

MERCHANT NOTIFIED
BASED ON THOSE
SETTINGS

STORE CONDITIONS

MERCHANT TRUST
RATING UPDATED

CLIENT TRUST
RATING UPDATED

DETAILS ON WHY
THE PAYMENT WAS
UNSUCESSFUL

18

5.0 Product Architecture & Development Timeline

The sample workflows shown below demonstrate what happens when the client
initiates a claim, which is then resolved together with the merchant. We will introduce
incentives for merchants and clients to handle the claims quickly and keep the trust level
high for both sides.
The client files a claim:

OPEN TYPERIUM WALLET

LOCATE PURCHASE
CLIENT DISPUTED

VIEW PURCHASE
INFORMATION SUCH AS
WARRANTY, DELIVERY, ETC.

BLOCKCHAIN
FILES DISPUTE CLAIM

MERCHANT SETTINGS
VALIDATED

DISPUTE DETAILS
LOGGED AND SAVED

MERCHANT TRUST
LEVEL UPDATED

MERCHANT WILL
RECEIVE CLAIM
NOTIFICATION ALERT

NOTIFICATION TO
CLIENT OUTLINING CLAIM
AS REGISTERED

19

5.0 Product Architecture & Development Timeline

The merchant responds to the claim, finds a solution with the client and
provides the resolution details:

MERCHANT LOCATES
UNRESOLVED CLAIM

SETS AGREED CLAIM
RESOLUTION

BLOCKCHAIN

MERCHANT SETS
CLAIM RESOLUTION

CLIENT RECEIVES
NOTIFICATION

IF CLIENT TAKES NO
ACTION WITHIN 3 DAYS
TRUST-LEVEL RESTORED
TO THE PREVIOUS RATING

The client and the merchant then resolve the claim “offline” or through Typerium’s offchain messaging system. After both parties agree on the resolution terms, the merchant
enters them (such as returning the money, shipping out a new product, etc.) into their
user interface. The resolution terms are saved on the blockchain. The merchant then
waits for the client’s confirmation.

20

5.0 Product Architecture & Development Timeline

The client then confirms the resolution:

BLOCKCHAIN

IF THE CLIENT CONFIRMS
WITHIN 24 HOURS THE
MERCHANT RECEIVES
CLIENT RECEIVES
TRUST POINTS

CLIENT RECEIVES
NOTIFICATION WITHIN
TYPERIUM WALLET

CLIENT AUTHORISES
THAT THE DISPUTE HAS
BEEN RESOLVED

If the claim is resolved quickly, the merchant will get a larger boost to their trust-rating.
The client’s trust rating is also upgraded once the claim has been resolved.

5.0 Product Architecture & Development Timeline

21

5.2 Intended Product Architecture

MERCHANT STORES

MERCHANT CONFIGURATION

RETAIL
(POS INTEGRATION)

E-COMMERCE
(TRUST INTEGRATION)
(PAYMENT INTEGRATION)

MERCHANT

MANAGE PROFILE

MANAGE (SMART C) WALLET

MANAGE YOUR CLAIMS

MANAGE REPORTING

PAYMENT INTEGRATION
(E=COMMERCE)
(POS)
(IN-APP)

TRUST-RATING INTEGRATION

THE EHTEREUM BLOCKCHAIN
PAYMENT:

MERCHANT:

• DEAL CONDITIONS
• LAWFUL WARRANTY
• INFO FOR PARTIES INCLUDING UPDATED
TRUST RATINGS

• PUBLIC TRUST RATINGS
• PUBLIC MERCHANT PROFILES
• DECENTRALISED WALLET
• SETTINGS

CLIENT:

CLAIM:

• PUBLIC TRUST RATINGS
• DECENTRALIZED WALLET

• CONDITIONS & RESOLUTION
• VALIDATION
• TRUST RATING FOR PARTIES INVOLVED

TYPERIUM MOBILE WALLET:
• DISPUTE MANAGEMENT
• TRANSACTION HISTORY
• TRANSACTION DETAILS

CLIENT

22

5.0 Product Architecture & Development Timeline

5.3 Product Development Roadmap
This product development timeline may not be final and it is subject to change,
depending on the feedback we receive from our initial customers.
Phase 1: TYPE Protocol
This is the technology that powers the Typerium ecosystem and the app.
Phase 2: Typerium Wallet Development
The Typerium wallet will allow users to store and send TYPE tokens.
Phase 3: Decentralised Typerium Application Platform Alpha
The Alpha version of the Typerium application will demonstrate the overall functions,
allow testing and give us time to fix any bugs.
Phase 4: Decentralised Typerium Application Platform Beta
The Beta version will be a more refined and updated version of the application that is
ready to roll out to the market.
Phase 5: Multi Platform Development
This will include direct social media integration and a desktop downloadable version.
Phase 6: Integrate TYPE Tokens as a Global Payment Method
Typerium will begin offering TYPE Tokens as a payment method for online content
platforms.

6.0 Market Opportunity

6.0 MARKET OPPORTUNITY
Typerium’s multi-faceted approach comes along at a time when many market forces are
extremely favourable. There is a genuine need for many of the solutions that Typerium
provides, with the capital and technology ready to support it.

6.1 The Rapid Growth of e-Commerce

15%

14.6%

14%
13%

13%
Share of retail sales

23

12%

11.5%

11%
10%

10%
8.7%

9%
8%

7.4%

7%
2015

2016*

2017*

2018*

2019*

2020*

According to Statista, retail e-commerce sales were worth US$1.33 trillion throughout
the world in 2014. They are projected to increase to US$4.058 trillion by 2020. These
high levels of growth are also illustrated by the number of shops created on the Shopify
platform. An EiraCube report shows that In 2013, there were 84,000 shops, 144,000 in
2014, 243,000 in 2015 and by the end of 2016 there were almost 378,000. That’s growth
of about 450% over a 3 year span.
According to other Statista figures, the number of people buying goods or services
online will increase from 1.46 billion in 2015 to over 2 billion in 2020. These figures
show that there is tremendous potential in the market for Typerium’s payment solution.

6.2 The Explosive Growth of Mobile & Digital Payments
According to The Boston Consulting Group, the payment industry is about to experience
a huge shift due to a range of technological developments. Cryptocurrency and
blockchain technology, smartphone penetration, easier digital payments, the Internet of
Things, cloud computing and biometrics are all technologies that are changing the way
that consumers pay for their goods and services.

24

6.0 Market Opportunity

According to The Financial Times, Chinese mobile payments were almost 50 times more
common than US mobile payments in 2016. This is because WeChat and Alipay users
only have to scan a QR code that appears on the retailer’s terminal to provide payment.
When the US adopts a similarly simple system, we can expect to see widespread
adoption of mobile payments there as well.
Much of this growth is expected to be due to the added convenience and acceptance
of in-app payments and proximity transactions. Typerium’s mobile payment solution will
only add to this convenience, so it is ready to take advantage of the opportunity in the
market.

6.3 The Booming Digital Asset Economy
A World Economic Forum report estimated that 10% of global GDP will be stored on
blockchain technology by 2025, which is an astronomical amount. One of the key
platforms in the blockchain community, Ethereum, has also been growing at a huge rate,
which you can see in the graph below:

This exceptional growth is based both on the value of Ethereum itself, and the many
Ethereum-based tokens that are being used in a range of applications. Typerium will be
built on top of Ethereum, to take advantage of both its cutting-edge technology and the
rapid rise of the platform.
Some major players in the cryptocurrency sector, such as Roger Ver, suspect that
Ethereum will soon overtake Bitcoin as the top cryptocurrency, because it facilitates the
creation of an ecosystem that Bitcoin cannot match. The transaction times and costs per
Bitcoin transaction are also too high for everyday use.

25

7.0 Business Model

7.0 BUSINESS MODEL
7.1 Revenue Model
Typerium will charge merchants a transaction fee of 1.5%. Typerium’s flat transaction
fee is significantly lower than traditional payment methods, which charge around 0.25%
of the total plus US$0.10, on top of the 4.4% for international transfers. When something
is sold on the Typerium Creative Marketplace, the seller will receive 85%, with the
remainder being used for the operation of the platform and other related structures.

7.2 Charity
Typerium wants to do more than just provide convenient and cheap solutions to
creators and businesses. As a responsible company, it sees itself as having a role in
helping to make the world a better place. In accordance with this attitude, the Typerium
Foundation will be donating 3% of all raised funds and future profits to charities and
other organisations throughout the world. The Typerium Foundation will do this with a
two year structure that will allow the company to make donations each quarter. After
the two initial donations, Typerium will reach out to its users to help select the causes
that they want to help. The community will then come together and vote on whether
they want the money assigned to help the homeless, animal rescue, mental health or a
variety of other causes. The more Typerium grows, not only will it be able to help more
people with the solutions that its technology provides, but the more money it will be able
to donate to legitimitate and good causes worldwide.

7.3 Marketing & Strategy
7.3.1 The Network Effect
The marketing strategy focuses on creating a network effect with Typerium’s
decentralised trust and reputation system. The bowling pin strategy will also be used,
starting off with a niche market (the existing cryptocurrency community), then moving to
other niches and broader markets.
Stage 1: Supply Side
The marketing strategy focuses on creating a network effect with Typerium’s
decentralised trust and reputation system. The bowling pin strategy will also be used,
starting off with a niche market (the existing crypto community), then moving to other
niches and broader markets.
Stage 2 : Education
In this stage, the main goal is to educate the initial client base in the crypto community.
The main value propositions of Typerium are its decentralised trust system, reduced
fees and lack of spending limit.
Stage 3: Broader Market Adoption
1. Just like in its initial stages of expansion into the crypto community, Typerium will
focus on the supply side first and work to become accepted in even more locations
globally.

26

7.0 Business Model

2. It will then focus on educating the general public. Supply will increase exposure and
people will be more willing to try it through trusted merchants.
3. Once more consumers are willing to pay with their mobile phones at trusted
merchants, more merchants will join the network so that they don’t lose out to their
competitors.
The chart below shows how the Typerium ecosystem will grow:

Ecosystem

Ecosystem
Ecosystem

7.3.1.1 How the Network Effect Works
The marketing strategy focuses on creating a network effect with Typerium’s
decentralised trust and reputation system. The bowling pin strategy will also be used,
starting off with a niche market (the existing crypto community), then moving to other
niches and broader markets.
By focusing first on the supply side, Typerium will be making its network significantly
more useful. Once its product achieves a certain scale of utility, users will realise its
benefits and demand will soon come to meet supply. As more users join in, the network
will become even more valuable and the effect starts to drive itself. The diagram below
shows how the network effect takes hold.
7.3.2 Loyalty and Rewards
Typerium has plans to create schemes to reward TYPE token holders for their support,
and to support merchants in rewarding their loyal clients, in order to encourage a
network effect and create a thriving ecosystem for the Typerium token. Typerium is
currently working with its service providers on creating a structure that will support this
to happen. TYPE tokens do not and will not respresent a right to future commissions.

27

8.0 Crowd Sale Details

8.0 CROWD SALE DETAILS
The Typerium crowd sale and the corresponding token creation process will be issued
by Typerium Limited and be organised using smart contracts running on TyperiumEthereum. Participants who wish to support the development of the Typerium Project,
can do so by sending Ether currency to the designated address.

ISSUER

TYPERIUM LIMITED

LEGAL QUALIFICATION

UTILITY TOKEN

SOFT CAP

$2,000,000 (Fixed 3,750 ETH ($533)

HARD CAP

$40,000,000

TOTAL TYPE TOKENS

2,000,000,000

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR CROWD SALE

50.00%

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR RESERVES

20.00%

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR TEAM

15.00%

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR ECOSYSTEM

9.00%

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR CHARITY

3.00%

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR BOUNTY

2.00%

% OF TOTAL TYPE FOR ADVISORS

1.00%

START DATE OF PRE-SALE/TOKEN SALE

21 May 2018/26 June 2018

• The “soft” cap will be set at 5% of the crowd sale goal, this equates to roughly
$2,000,000 USD worth of Ethereum (fixed at 3,750 ETH($533.33)) being received from
purchasers. This amount is subject to change.
• The crowdsale period will endure for no longer than 70 (seventy) days, or until the
“hard” cap ($40,000,000 USD worth of Ethereum) is reached, whichever is sooner.
• If the “soft cap” is reached prior to the end of the 70 (seventy) day crowd sale period,
additional purchases of TYPE tokens by purchasers will be permissible of up to
1,000,000,000 TYPE tokens being sold in total. This is 50% of the total TYPE tokens in
existence.
• Should the contributions received during this 70 (seventy) day period be deemed
insufficient to cover the operating and development costs (“soft” cap), 100% of
purchaser funds will be returned as per the Ethereum smart contract.

28

8.0 Crowd Sale Details

• ERC-20 tokens that are not sold during the crowd sale period will be burned
automatically, as per the Ethereum smart contract.
• The purchasing rate of TYPE Tokens is reflective of the market price of ETH/USD.
• The minimum purchase contribution is $10 worth of Ethereum.
• The ERC-20 tokens purchased will be sent to the purchasers wallet immediately.
• 50% of each purchaser’s tokens will be locked up for four months by the smart contract
to help combat volatility. As an example, if a purchaser buys 1,000 TYPE Tokens, they
can freely sell and trade 500 of them, but the other 500 will be locked for a four month
period. Once this period ends, the purchaser can sell or trade them as they please.
• In the bonus program, a purchaser will receive a percentage of bonus TYPE Tokens in
addition to the sum they have purchased, according to the percentages listed above.

8.1 Pre-Sale Details
Typerium’s has plans to create schemes to reward TYPE token holders for their support,
and to support merchants in rewarding their loyal clients.
Pre-sale: May 30, 2018 -June 25, 2018
Tokens to sell: 300,000,000 TYPE
Bonus program: Round 1 (5%), Round 2 (10%), Round 3 (15%), Round 4 (20%),
Round 5 (50%). Based on ascending order.
Initial price: 1000 TYPE = 0.0195 ETH
Token delivery date: Up to 30 business days after the token sale

8.2 Token Sale Details
Token sale: June 26, 2018 - July 23, 2018
Tokens to sell: 700,000,000 TYPE
Bonus program: The bonus program is for the pre-sale only
Soft cap: 300,000,000 TYPE
Blockchain: Ethereum , ERC20
Token Ticker: TYPE
Token Delivery Date: Up to 30 business days after the token sale

8.3 Token Economy
8.3.1 Pre-Sale
The Pre-sale will only remain open for the amount of time it takes to sell out. This could
be day one, or it could be the full five weeks. Please bear this is mind if you are looking to
invest at a later date.
8.3.2 Exchanges
Once the token sale has reached its soft cap, Typerium will concentrate on applying
for the list of TYPE Tokens on multiple exchanges. Typerium will not host or create an
Exchange. Exchange activities must be conducted with third party Exchanges. Funds
received from the token sale will be set aside for this process, because we understand
how important this is for purchasers.

29

8.0 Crowd Sale Details

8.3.3 TYPE Tokens
TYPE Tokens are the exclusive method of payment for the services on the TYPE
Protocol. The token’s utility will be created via its usage by Typerium customers through
the Typerium platform. TYPE Tokens are ERC20 compatible, ensuring the highest degree
of security and integration within the TYPE Protocol ecosystem and decentralised
Typerium platform. All tokens that are not sold through the token sale will be burned.
The Typerium Token will be an Ethereum-based token. Ethereum-based tokens rely on
the well-established Ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several advantages:
• Security and predictability (as opposed to running an independent blockchain
network).
• The use of robust and well-supported clients (Ethereum-based tokens can be managed
with official Ethereum clients).
• High liquidity (interchangeable with other Ethereum-based tokens or Ether), easier
listing on third-party exchanges with infrastructure already in place. Our Ethereumbased token contract complies with the ERC20 standard. More detailed info about the
ERC20 standard can be obtained here.

8.4 Budget

Field

Portion of Budget

Activities

Product development

40%

Product development

Operations
20%
		

Management, Salaries, 		
Contractors, Outsource.

Legal
4%
		
		

Establishing the company,
legal advice, jurisdiction,
contracts, etc.

Contingency

3%

For incidental expenses

Foundation

3%

Fund allocated for charity		

30

9.0 Legal

9.0 LEGAL
9.1 General Information
The Typerium token does not have the legal qualification of a security, since it does
not give any rights to dividends or interest. The sale of TYPE Tokens is final and nonrefundable. Typerium tokens are not shares and do not give any right to participate
to the general operations or management of Typerium. Typerium tokens cannot have
a performance or a particular value outside the Typerium Platform. Typerium tokens
shall therefore not be used or purchased for speculative or investment purposes. The
purchaser of Typerium tokens is aware that national securities laws, which ensure that
purchasers are sold purchases that include all the proper disclosures and are subject to
regulatory scrutiny for the purchasers’ protection, are not applicable. Anyone purchasing
Typerium tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully
reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated
with the purchase of Typerium.

9.2 Knowledge Required
The purchaser of Typerium tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has
significant experience in cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and
that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowd sale as well as the
mechanism related to the use of cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). Typerium shall not be
responsible for any loss of Typerium tokens or situations making it impossible to access
Typerium tokens, which may result from any actions or omissions of the user or any
person undertaking to acquire Typerium tokens, as well as in case of hacker attacks.

9.3 Risks
Acquiring Typerium tokens and storing them involves various risks, in particular the risk
that Typerium may not be able to launch its operations and develop its blockchain and
provide the services promised. Therefore, and prior to acquiring Typerium tokens, any
user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits of acquiring Typerium tokens
in the context of the crowd sale and, if necessary, obtain any independent advice in
this regard. Any interested person who is not in the position to accept or to understand
the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related to the non-development of
the Typerium platform) or any other risks as indicated in the Terms & Conditions of the
crowd sale should not acquire Typerium tokens.

9.4 Important Disclaimer
This white paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an
investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way nor should it be considered as an
offering of securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not include or contain any
information or indication that might be considered as a recommendation or that might
be used as a basis for any investment decision. Typerium tokens are just utility tokens
which can be used only on the Typerium platform and are not intended to be used as an
investment. The offering of Typerium tokens on a trading platform is done in order to
allow the use of theTyperium platform and not for speculative purposes. The offering
of Typerium tokens on a trading platform does not change the legal qualification of the
tokens, which remain a simple means for the use of the Typerium platform and are not a
security.

31

9.0 Legal

Typerium is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or, financial matters, or a
provider of investment advice.
Any information in the white paper is provided for general information purposes only,
and Typerium does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of
this information.
Typerium is not a financial intermediary according to Swiss law and is not required to
obtain any authorization for Anti Money Laundering purposes. Acquiring Typerium
tokens shall not grant any right or influence over Typerium’s organisation and
governance to the Purchasers.
Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated
to cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or
actions may impact Typerium’s business and even limit or prevent it from developing its
operations in the future. Any person undertaking to acquire Typerium tokens must be
aware of the Typerium’s business model, the white paper or terms and conditions may
change or need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements
from any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such a case, purchasers and anyone
undertaking to acquire Typerium tokens acknowledge and understand that neither
Typerium nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or
damage caused by such changes.
Typerium will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the Typerium platform.
Anyone undertaking to acquire Typerium tokens acknowledges and understands
that Typerium does not provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it. They
acknowledge and understand therefore that Typerium Limited (incl. its bodies and
employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would
result from or relate to the incapacity to use Typerium tokens, except in case of
intentional misconduct or gross negligence.

9.5 Representation & Warranties
By participating in the crowd sale, the purchaser agrees to the above and in particular,
they represent and warrant that they:
• have read carefully the terms and conditions attached to the white paper
agree to their full contents and accept to be legally bound by them
• are authorized and have full power to purchase Typerium tokens according to the laws
that apply in their jurisdiction of domicile
• are neither a US citizen or resident
• live in a jurisdiction which allows Typerium to sell Typerium tokens through a crowd
sale without requiring any local authorization
• are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction in which they
are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited,
restricted or subject to additional conditions of any kind
• will not use the crowd sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited to
money laundering and the financing of terrorism
• have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the cryptographic tokens and have
significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies
of dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and
services
• purchase Typerium tokens because they wish to have access to the Typerium platform;
• are not purchasing Typerium tokens for the purpose of speculative investment or
usage.

32

9.0 Legal

9.6 Governing Law & Arbitration
Any dispute or controversy arising from or under the crowd sale shall be resolved by
arbitration in accordance with the UK Rules of International Arbitration in force on the
date when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted in accordance with these Rules. The
arbitration panel shall consist of one arbitrator only. The place of the arbitration shall be
London, UK. The arbitral proceedings shall be conducted in English.

33

10.0 Team

10.0 TEAM
10.1 Typerium Team
Alex Haigh
Chief Executive Officer
Alex is the founder of the UK’s leading online font technology development and licensing
business, HypeForType. It now provides more than 35,000 fonts to 13.8 million users
in 165 countries. HypeForType has developed technologies that bring type to screen,
consumer products, user interfaces and provide substantial commercial value for the
world’s leading brands. These include Adidas, Apple, Disney, Google, Loreal, Nestle,
Nickelodeon, Nike, Selfridges, Sky TV, Starbucks, Sony and Vogue.

Vitally Marinchenko
Senior Blockchain Developer
Vitally is an experienced Senior Blockchain Engineer who was an integral part of the
team at Accenture, a company that partners with more than three-quarters of the
Fortune Global 500 to drive innovation and improve the way the world works and lives.
Jonathan Davoine
PR & Investor Relations
Jonathan has a broad range of experience in handling investment assets for high net
worth individuals such as entrepreneurs, celebrities and royalty. With a strong network
of existing relationships, Jonathan will help drive Typerium forward through investment,
public relations, acquisitions, and sponsorship.

34

10.0 Team

Preston Collins
Indepedent Forex Consultant
Michael Murphy
Indepedent Liquidity Consultant
Rick Banks
Brand Design Lead
Dean Robinson
Community Manager
Jeff Ulrich
Indepedent Charity Consultant

10.2 Advisory Team
Ming Ooi
Growth Advisor
Ming has managed startups that have launched tech platforms in the medical, real
estate and consumer sectors. Each was a “blue ocean” technology that was brand
new to the space. He has also helped to develop and launch consumer products at
MindsInSync for major retailers such as Amazon, Costco, Target and Walmart.
Jose Laureano
Blockchain Advisor
Jose is a blockchain technologist with extensive knowledge and experience in the
design and development of enterprise grade software architecture. He has experience
in developing solutions for the Dow Jones and continually improves the overall synergy
within organisations. Jose and his team of developers were a key part of delivering the
Wraith Protocol for the Verge Currency project.
Frank Martinez
Legal Advisor
Frank has had a distinguished career across many different sectors including art,
design and patent examining. He served as a Design Patent Examiner at the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office and an associate at several law firms, before founding The
Martinez Group PLLC in 2008. Frank has worked closely with designers, engineers and
entrepreneurs, having drafted licences and other documents for use by companies such
as Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Honeywell, AT&T, RIM, Orange, Nike, American
Express, BBC, Samsung, Sony, Bloomberg and British Telecom. Frank earned an MBA in
2017 and is now taking advanced management courses at Harvard Business School’s
HBX Program. Frank is also learning to code in Python at Code Academy and has
studied cryptocurrency technologies in Princeton University’s Coursera program.

35

11.0 Reference List

Anderson, M. (2018). 88% Of Consumers Trust Online Reviews As Much As Personal
Recommendations - Search Engine Land. [online] Search Engine Land.
Available at: https://searchengineland.com/88-consumers-trust-online-reviews-muchpersonal-recommendations-195803 [Accessed 14 Feb. 2018].
Jenkins, K. (2018). Exploring the UK Freelance Workforce in 2016. [online] Ipse.co.uk.
Available at: https://www.ipse.co.uk/uploads/assets/uploaded/de84dfb7-283a-4c26ba446f95f5547c1f.pdf [Accessed 18 Feb. 2018].
Econsultancy. (2018). 88% of consumers consult reviews when making a purchase.
[online] Available at: https://www.econsultancy.com/blog/9958-88-of-consumersconsult-reviews-when-making-a-purchase [Accessed 12 Feb. 2018].
Ft.com. (2018). China mobile payments dwarf those in US as fintech booms, research
shows. [online]
Available at:
https://www.ft.com/content/00585722-ef42-11e6-930f-061b01e23655 [Accessed 11
Feb. 2018].
Lexisnexis.com. (2018). 2016 LexisNexis® True Cost of Fraud Study. [online]
Available at:
https://www.lexisnexis.com/risk/downloads/assets/true-cost-fraud-2016.pdf [Accessed
7 Feb. 2018].
Statista. (2018). Global retail e-commerce sales 2014-2021. [online]
Available at:
https://www.statista.com/statistics/379046/worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/
[Accessed 18 Feb. 2018].
Statista. (2018). Digital buyers worldwide 2021. [online]
Available at:
https://www.statista.com/statistics/251666/number-of-digital-buyers-worldwide/
[Accessed 14 Feb. 2018].
Steemit.com. (2018). EIRA CUBE - Revolution for the e - commerce industry. [online]
Available at: https://steemit.com/eiracube/@hesh90/eira-cube-revolution-for-the-ecommerce-industry [Accessed 18 Feb. 2018].

Typerium Limited
Registered Office:
130 Old Street
London, England
United Kingdom

Thank you

