Table of Contents
Disclaimer

3

Executive Summary

5

The market

7

Market structure

13

Advertisers: problem and solution

16

Publishers: problem and solution

23

The Product

28

Ubex: Service for Advertisers

28

Ubex: Service for Publishers

29

The Ubex Platform

30

The Ubex Wallet

31

The Technology

31

The Model of the Neural Network

35

Neural Network Model

38

Roadmap

42

Team & Advisors

43

Risks

49

Legal Considerations (L)

51

References

55

Disclaimer
The given White Paper document has been formulated to present the Ubex project to potential
participants of the platform and those interested in contributing to its development. The information
set out below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any contractual relationship. Its sole purpose
is to provide information to potential Token holders, so they may determine whether they are willing to
analyze the company with the intent of acquiring UBEX Tokens.
No part of the given White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus or a solicitation for
contribution, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy any
securities in any jurisdiction.
The given document is not composed in accordance with, nor subject to, any laws or regulations of
any jurisdiction aimed at protecting contributors.
Certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained in the given White Paper
constitutes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements or information deem risks
and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the estimates or
results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements.
The given English language White Paper is the primary and sole official source of information about
the Ubex project and its Token launch. The information contained herein may be translated into other
languages or used for establishing written or verbal communication channels with potential partners
or contributors of the project. As a result of translation, some information contained herein may be
omitted, corrupted, or misrepresented. In the event of inconsistencies between any translations or
communications and the given official English language White Paper, the provisions of the given
English language original document shall hold primary status and prevail.
Ubex AI AG reserves the right to introduce changes to the given White Paper. In the case of a
difference or differenes between the versions of the document, the lastest version of the White Paper
published on the ubex.com website shall prevail, and all previously published versions are considered
to be invalid in all their iterations and representations.
Ubex prohibits users of the platform to avoid capital controls of any kind and does not allow them to
conduct contributions in foreign assets of any manner.
The information contained in this Whitepaper and on https://www.ubex.com are of descriptive nature
only, are not binding and do not form part of the terms and conditions of the Token generation event
(hereinafter known as the “Terms”). In particular, you should be advised that the purchase of UBEX
Tokens may involve high risks. Please refer to the risks section in the Terms for more information.

3

Before purchasing any UBEX Tokens, please ensure you are capable of offering official representation
and warranties, specified in the respective sections of the Terms.
Any distribution, public or otherwise, of the given document and the offer and/or sale of UBEX Tokens
may be restricted by law in some jurisdictions. Failure to comply with any restrictions could result in
a violation of the law. At the moment, UBEX Tokens have not been registered under the U.S. Securities
Act of 1933 (hereinafter the “Securities Act”), or with any regulatory authority of securities of any
state or other jurisdiction in the territory of the United States. UBEX Tokens shall not and cannot be
offered to, purchased by or sold to, on the account of or for the benefit of, any green card holder of the
United States or any US citizen or permanent resident of the United States (tax or otherwise), or to
an individual having a primary residence or domicile in the United States (tax or otherwise), including
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands or any other territory or possession of the United States.
UBEX Tokens shall not and cannot be offered to citizens or permanent residents of the Republic of
Singapore (tax or otherwise), or anyone having a primary residence or domicile in Singapore.
Ubex Tokens shall not and cannot be offered to citizens or permanent residents of Canada (tax or
otherwise), or to anyone having a primary residence or domicile in Canada.
We do not and cannot provide guarantees and disclaim any liability that the above-mentioned
conditions shall be fulfilled. It is the sole responsibility of the reader and potential participant or
contributor to ensure that participation in the Token Sale is not prohibited under the applicable laws of
said participant’s or contributor’s country of residence or domicile.

4

Executive Summary
The digital advertising market has been actively growing for the last 4 years; its size has exceeded
the size of the television segment in 2017. This is a historic event for the advertising market. One of
the most promising segments of digital advertising is programmatic advertisement, which shows
an average annual growth rate of more than 23% against a 4% growth rate of non-programmatic
segments. According to the forecasts of Magna Global, the market size of advertising software will
reach $42 billion by 2020.
Nevertheless, despite these positive dynamics, the digital advertising market has many problems,
including low targeting efficiency, non-transparent counterparty relationships and a high level of fraud.
As a result, all sides of the relationship suffer - advertisers overpay for each client involved, publishers
receive lesser rewards and consumers of advertising are dissatisfied with its quality.
Ubex proposes to solve these problems by combining all the advantages of programmatic
technologies, neural networks and smart contracts in a single system. Through this approach, Ubex
provides a transition from the traditional pay-per-click scheme to the payment for targeted actions,
which is the most fair and interesting model for all market participants.
We present to you the Ubex project - a global, decentralized exchange of programmatic advertising
based on neural networks and smart contracts. The mission of Ubex is to create a global advertising
ecosystem with a high level of mutual trust and maximum efficiency.
Advertisers can automatically purchase ad slots using the Ubex system. The programmatic system
automatically chooses ad slots that have the highest probability (calculated via neural networks
algorithms) to engage the target user. Procurement of advertising takes place in real time using
programmatic technology on the basis of neural networks with the application of smart contracts.
Neural networks contribute to the optimal distribution of the ads among available ad slots and the
smart contracts eliminate risks for advertisers and publishers by providing more transparency.
Advantages of Ubex in comparison with other advertising exchanges:

1.

Neural networks maximize purchasing efficiency.
Neural networks, which process information about each visitor to the member networks’
websites, are at the heart of Ubex’s advertising purchasing algorithms. The neural networks
evaluate the interests of users, calculate the likelihood of targeted actions for all advertiser
offers, and choose the most suitable advertisement. Neural network are able to do it because
of the track-record of the previous actions of users, and the statistical datasets provided by
site-owners. All these inputs improve the ability of neural network to make better predictions.
Thanks to this, member network website visitors see only those ads that are maximally

5

confined to their interests, and which would convince them to fulfill the target action with
maximum probability. Ubex algorithm also estimates the economic efficiency of displaying
various advertising options to each particular user. Therefore Ubex maximizes the targeting
of advertising and the economic efficiency for advertisers

2.

Blockchain-based smart contracts minimize participants’ risks.
Ubex aims to solve the problem of low confidence in the purchase of digital advertising.
Smart contracts allow for making the relationship of advertisers and publishers (owners of
ad slots on sites) as transparent and fair as possible, as well as minimizing the risks for all
parties. By applying such an approach, Ubex allows passage from the traditional pay per
click scheme to the model of payment for targeted actions, the most fair and interesting
model for advertisers.
Our team consists of high-level professionals with extensive experience in areas of
marketing, neural networks and blockchain. We perfectly know and understand all the
advantages of these technologies, which we are able to apply effectively in order to achieve
the maximum result in terms of advertisers’ budget efficiency and publishers ads revenues.
The infrastructure developed by us will allow us to take the process of buying advertising and
its economic efficiency to a new level.

6

The market
What is programmatic advertising? In plain English, it is buying real-time advertising on the basis of
an auction. The concept of the software is definitely broader and includes limited auctions and direct
sales of advertising as well.
In general, programmatic advertising is a set of methods for purchasing advertisements on the
internet using automated systems and algorithms to make decisions about a transaction without
human participation based on socio-demographic and behavioral data about users available to both
the platform and the advertiser.
It works as follows: when a user visits a web page, that user is shown ads. For those fractions of a
second, while the website is loading, the system analyzes the composition of the audience of the
website, correlates this data with client targeting and selects the appropriate advertising format. After
that, an auction is conducted among advertisers whose target audience corresponds to this particular
visitor of the website and who want to show their advertising. During the auction, the highest bid and
the winner of the auction are selected. The advertisement of the winner is uploaded to the website and
shown to the user.
The whole process of Big Data processing and holding an auction takes from 100 to 200 milliseconds.
All the work is done by algorithms, a person only controls the results obtained.
According to Magna Global, the size of the global advertising market was $465 billion in 2015, $493
billion in 2016 and $500 billion in 2017.

7

If we analyze the segmentation of the entire advertising market in more detail, two key competing
segments can be distinguished: the digital segment and the television segment. As part of the overall
market trend, the cost of television advertising exceeded the costs of internet advertising until 2017.
In 2017, there was a historical event for the advertising market – the volume of the world market of
internet advertising exceeded the volume of traditional television advertising for the first time and
reached a size of $192 billion.

8

In a number of countries, the digital segment already occupies more than 50% of the market. The main
contribution to the growth of the digital content market over the past 5 years has been provided by the
countries of Eastern Europe, the Middle East and South America.

9

According to the forecasts of Dentsu Aegis, the share of internet advertising can exceed 50% of the
total advertising market in 2018 in countries such as Australia, New Zealand, China, Norway, Denmark,
Sweden, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
The target market for Ubex (programmatic advertising market) is part of the digital advertising market.
Basically, it is advertising demonstrated through online video and banners. The chart below shows the
dynamics of the advertising software market from 2015:

10

The programmatic advertising market has been growing by more than 25% annually demonstrating
growth rates much faster than any other segment of the advertising market and reached $24 billion
last year. The market size of advertising software will reach $42 billion by 2021 and its share will
exceed the non-programmatic segment, continuing to displace the old format of work from the
market.

Of course, before programmatic advertising appeared, advertisements were bought and sold manually.
Advertising networks were buying up wholesale ad views from online publishers on completely
different websites and then resold them to smaller advertisers on opaque terms. It was unreliable,
inefficient and slow.
The advantage of programmatic advertising is that it makes the buying process quick, more efficient
and less expensive. Advertisers can customize their advertising campaigns (through highly accurate
targeting of users who show the right advertising at the right time) and strategically monitor their
productivity. This approach allows you to improve the targeting significantly and actually move from
purchasing ad views to direct purchases of the target audience.

11

That is why the market of programmatic advertising demonstrates such impressive growth rates; the
potential of programmatic algorithms is huge. At the same time, this potential cannot be fully realized
without the implementation of blockchain technology and neural networks. Thus, the emergence of
Ubex will be a catalyst for the growth of the software market and digital advertising in general.

12

Market structure
The structure of the digital advertising market consists of a chain of participants represented, on the
one hand, by advertisers and on the other, by publishers with a number of intermediaries between
them, performing a variety of functions. The current digital-advertising purchasing scheme:

Large and medium-sized advertisers purchase digital advertising through media agencies, which in
turn, deal through affiliated trade desks or directly with purchases in one of three ways:
- Directly from the publisher.
- Through banner networks (horizontal and vertical networks).
- Through advertising exchanges.
External technical services like demand-side platforms (DSPs), supply side platform (SSPs) and Ad
Servers are also used for purchasing and monitoring. Each of these services solves a certain task but
increases the final cost for the advertiser (the costs for these services are added to the commission
of agencies). Advertisers and media agencies use ancillary services to increase the effectiveness of
advertising (creative optimization, data suppliers / data management platforms, retargeting, etc.).

13

Ubex facilitates purchases of digital-advertising. The Ubex digital ad purchasing scheme will look as
follows:

Advertisers can easily purchase advertisements from publishers through the Ubex advertising
exchange without resorting to the expensive services of agencies and other intermediaries. Ubex
combines the functionality of an advertising exchange with a service to monitor all the performance
indicators of each ad placement of each publisher, thereby eliminating the need for appropriate
external tools. Similarly, Ubex combines the functionality of a DSP / SSP.
Ubex aggregates proposals for the provision of advertising slots directly from the publishers.
Combined with the use of additional data providers, Ubex grants a synergistic effect, since the more
data that is input into the neural network, the more accurate its predictions are with respect to the
probability of a targeted action of each particular user in response to advertising materials.

14

Comparative analysis of alternatives

Advertiser selection criteria
Method of purchasing digital
advertising

Companies

Complexity of Targeting
purchasing
ability

Lead
cost

Risk of
fraud

Pay per
result option

Programmatic advertising exchanges
on the basis of blockchain and neural
networks

Ubex

Low

High

Low

Low

Yes

Traditional programmatic advertising
exchanges

DoubleClick,
RightMedia, OpenX,
AdECN, PLYmedia

Low

Moderate

Moderate

Moderate

Moderate

Media / digital agencies

WPP, Havas, OMD,
Merkle, DigitasLBi,
Omnicom Group

Low

Moderate

High

High

No

Horizontal advertising network

Google, Yahoo,
Amazon, Microsoft,
CPX

Moderate

Low

Moderate

High

No

Vertical advertising network

Adify, MobSoc, RGM
Alliance, Inflection
Point Media, Martini
Media

Moderate

Moderate

High

High

No

Directly between the publisher and
the advertiser (includes contextual
advertising in search engines and
banner advertising in social networks)

NYTimes, Flickr,
Craigslist, imdb, BBC

High

Moderate

Low

Moderate

No

Publisher selection criteria
Digital advertising sales
method

Companies

Complexity of
purchasing

Targeting
ability

Lead
cost

Risk of
fraud

Programmatic advertising exchanges
on the basis of blockchain and neural
networks

Ubex

Low

High

Low

Low

Traditional programmatic advertising
exchanges

DoubleClick,
RightMedia, OpenX,
AdECN, PLYmedia

Low

Moderate

Moderate

Moderate

Media / digital agencies

WPP, Havas, OMD,
Merkle, DigitasLBi,
Omnicom Group

Low

Moderate

High

High

Horizontal advertising network

Google, Yahoo,
Amazon, Microsoft,
CPX

Moderate

Low

Moderate

High

Vertical advertising network

Adify, MobSoc, RGM
Alliance, Inflection
Point Media, Martini
Media

Moderate

Moderate

High

High

Directly between the publisher and the
advertiser (includes contextual advertising in search engines and banner
advertising in social networks)

NYTimes, Flickr,
Craigslist, imdb, BBC

High

Moderate

Low

Moderate

Ubex provides maximum profits on key parameters for both advertisers and publishers, thus creating
an effective environment for cooperation with a high level of mutual trust.

15

Advertisers: problem and
solution
Advertisers lose money on every attracted buyer because of the traditional approach to advertising
purchases. In most cases, advertisers are forced to incur excessively high costs to attract buyers for
three reasons:

1.

Presence of brokers => high commissions (Effect on customer
acquisition cost: ± 30%)
There is no single instrument by which a large advertiser could easily filter out the most
effective websites for their advertising and remain certain that their media budget for digital
advertising would be spent efficiently. In addition, the budgetary policies of large companies
often do not possess sufficient flexibility to allow employees to purchase advertising slots on
various websites (which belong to different legal entities) in the volumes necessary.
In order to save money and speed up the process, medium and large advertisers often
prefer to work through digital agencies (or full-cycle advertising agencies that have a digital
department within their structure) that, within the budget approved for a certain period,
are engaged in the purchase of advertising slots and monitor the effectiveness of such
purchases.

16

The disadvantage of this approach is the need to pay considerable commissions to the
agencies for their services (about 10-20%). Many other services existing in the chain
between the advertiser and the publisher also require additional costs, which increase
marketing budgets two or even threefold relative to the price of advertising from the
publisher.
Formation of the cost of advertising relative to the publisher’s original price.

Another drawback of the current system of working with agencies is that advertisers do not
always receive up-to-date and reliable information about how their advertising budget is
being spent and what results can be guaranteed for the effectively applied funds. In addition,
many media agencies do not disclose the algorithms they apply and what audiences have
been attracted to the sources of advertising.
Ubex offers a solution in the form of smart contracts on blockchain. Thanks to the Ubex
purchasing system, the process of acquiring advertising slots and selecting the most

17

effective websites for placement is simplified to the maximum and transaction risks are
thereby reduced to a minimum because of the neural network algorithms, which select the
ad slots with the maximum potential targeting effect for the advertiser. Ubex transaction
algorithms automatically solve the issues that advertising agencies traditionally undertake
(for a large commission). Once the payment is made, the advertiser can automatically
purchase advertising according to the specified requirements set for the target audience,
geography, time of displays and many other parameters. In addition, advertisers with
high ratings have an option to defer payments. Thus, with the help of Ubex, it is possible
to purchase advertising directly without any brokers, which significantly increases the
economic efficiency of cooperation.

2.

Pay per click => Risk of fraud (Effect on customer acquisition
cost: ± 30%)
There are various models of payment for digital advertising. In most cases, advertisers are
forced to accept the pay-per-click model, and thus carry the publisher’s risk of fraud.
Despite its convenience for publishers, the pay-per-click model often creates incentives
for fraud. Fraud, in its most basic form of explanation, is an imitation of the actions of real
users, aimed at achieving KPIs set by the advertiser, thus inflating targeted actions artificially,
and, as a result, obtaining higher payments for no concrete feedback at the expense of the
advertiser. The amount of fraud in the programmatic segment has reached critical levels.
AppLift and Forensiq have both conducted studies on the issue and revealed that about 34%
of all mobile ad displays raise suspicions about their origins and 22% of them are blatant
fraud. Accurate estimates based on research conducted by Videology, place losses attributed
to fraud in 2015 at $6.3 billion USD and $7.3 billion in 2016. Juniper Research forecasts that
losses of advertisers and other market participants from fraud by 2022 will reach critical
levels of a mind-boggling $44 billion. Incapsula in turn, estimates that bots generate up
to 52% of all traffic to advertisers’ websites, thus resulting in direct losses of advertising
budgets in the amount of 52% or more. According to the results of the Forrester study, 92%
of advertisers with a budget for display advertising from $ 1 million in 2018 see the fight with
fraud as their main task.

Incapsula estimates that up to 52% of all traffic to advertisers’
websites is generated by bots.

18

In this case, the best alternative for advertisers would be to pay for targeted actions (COST
PER ACTION), for example:
- Registering on websites.
- Filling forms with contact information.
- Clicking “Call Me Back” buttons.
- Purchasing products.
Paying for an action creates incentives for cooperation of all participants within the system.
This payment model motivates participants to:
(1) Maximize honesty. Simulating target actions is much more complex and expensive than
simulating clicks. In the case of payment for targeted actions, advertisers do not pay for
anything other than for the user’s action and conversion from these actions to payment for
the goods is substantially higher than in the case of clicks.
(2) Improve the effectiveness of advertising through interaction. Under the COST PER ACTION
model, advertisers do not pay publishers for any activities other than those required by the
model. Thus, the publisher has a vested interest in generating quality traffic. The creation of
such a symbiotic relationship eliminates the desire for fraud on behalf of all involved. This
format assumes and ensures mutually beneficial cooperation, whereby each party gets what
they want in return for observing an established set of rules.
At the same time, current technologies do not allow switching to the COST PER ACTION
model of payment, because in this case publishers will not be insured against fraud on the
part of advertisers. The publisher’s reward depends on the honesty of the advertiser and the
credibility of the sales data they provide. If the advertiser decides not to disclose information
about actual targeted actions to the publisher, then the publisher is technically unable to
learn about fraudulent actions. This does not promote mutual trust and efficiency within
the current system even when paying for targeted actions and not mere clicks. Therefore,
the market needs a solution ensuring that the advertiser and the publisher are insured,
guaranteeing maximum transparency in the exchange of information about user targeted
actions. At the moment, no company on the market provides such a solution.
With the help of smart contracts on blockchain, Ubex allows for the transition to the COST
PER ACTION model of payment, eliminating fraud and the need for clicks. At the same time,
Ubex solves the problem arising from the transition to the COST PER ACTION model of
payment from other websites, as Ubex tracks all user actions on publishers’ sites (as well
as on the advertiser’s site in case the user moves to it) and saves all data on the blockchain.
Based on the results of actual actions, which the publisher can easily verify in the blockchain,
payment is made for targeted actions only.

19

3.

Weak algorithms => Inefficient targeting (Effect on customer
acquisition cost: ± 20%)
Current algorithms demonstrate advertising to users who do not constitute part of the target
audience of the advertiser’s product. This reduces conversions to purchases, both with the
pay-per-click model, and when paying for targeted actions (in the event that the targeted
action is higher in the conversion funnel than the actual purchase).
The essence of targeted advertising is the ability to display ads to a specific target segment
of users, according to their location, gender, age, interests and other individual parameters.
Targeting allows for optimizing marketing budgets and is increasingly being used in digital
advertising. In cases where the purchase of advertising takes place without programmatic
algorithms, advertisers or digital agencies have to resort to manual searches for specific
sites that lie within the scope of interests of their target audience, as well as select the sociodemographic, geolocation and time criteria that could predict purchases by the greatest
possible number of visitors to such websites.
Programmatic algorithms allow for significant increases in the effectiveness of targeted
advertising. Programmatic advertising conducts in-depth evaluations of target groups of
users based on the history of their search requests, file downloads, application installs
and online purchases. Such algorithms do not violate any laws in the field of personal data
privacy, since they treat users only as cookie-identifiers. So, if the user systematically visits
resources on automotive subjects, it is quite logical to refer to the segment of motorists.
Of great interest is also the possibility of correlating online and offline information about
users. The latter can include visiting public places and events, traveling abroad, shopping
and so on. Other important functions of programmatic include displays of advertisements
on various devices of the same user and searches of “user twins”. For example, if it is known
that customers are interested in traveling and cycling, the programmatic algorithm will
expand the target audience by finding users with similar interests.
Nevertheless, available alternatives use a fairly narrow range of settings for filtering and,
accordingly, a low level of targeting. Their algorithms do not make use of neural networks,
thereby significantly hampering their effectiveness. In addition, the advertiser cannot affect
the possibility that their advertising could be shown to users outside their target audience.

As a result, advertisers face the problem of optimizing marketing costs. They need to spend a
substantial amount on digital advertising during campaigns to obtain preliminary statistics about the
effectiveness of certain channels used for advertising. Each combination of “channel + advertising
material” requires a separate budget for such a test. In addition, advertisers need to earmark long

20

periods for experiments, often lasting at least three months (in the case of COST PER ACTION), plus
analysis of the results. Information about the predicted effectiveness of different channels enlisted
for individual advertising materials, results in significant financial and time costs (which creates
significant difficulties for advertisers with small advertising budgets, since it forces them to spend
the entire budget on experiments) for the advertiser, and the data obtained has a limited “shelf life”,
as after a year or two it becomes obsolete. At the moment, the problem remains unsolved, because
there is no service that would provide flexible express forecasts for individual promotion methods for
specific advertising materials of various advertisers.
Using neural networks and accumulated data, the Ubex algorithm selects the most current advertising
offers relevant for certain visitors, maximizing the probability of obtaining the desired results.
Moreover, the Ubex neural network evaluates the probability of targeted user actions. By applying such
an approach, the Ubex algorithm estimates the economic efficiency of displaying various advertising
options to each particular user. Thanks to the use of neural networks, the relevance of advertising
displays is increased, along with predictability of advertising efficiency and the need to burn through
budgets on trial and error approaches is reduced.

Thus, with the help of Ubex, advertisers will reduce the average cost of attracting customers by 50%.

21

Reducing the cost of attracting customers to advertisers is made possible thanks to the transfer of all
transactions to smart contracts and optimization of targeting by the neural networks.

Problem

Loss Drivers

Technology Solution

High
commissions

(1) Marketing
budget

Blockchain

Elimination of unnecessary intermediaries through
smart contracts

Risk of fraud

(2) % Conversion
to targeted action

Blockchain

Saving of all user actions in the blockchain and complete transition to the COST PER ACTION model

Ineffective
targeting

(3) % Conversion
to purchase

Neural networks

Increase in the relevance of advertising with the use
of neural networks

22

Publishers: problem and
solution
Publishers are not getting enough revenue from their advertising slots because of a suboptimal sales
system. There are several barriers that prevent publishers from maximizing revenue and contributing
more funds in the growth of user engagement:

1.

Low efficiency of purchasing algorithms => Suboptimal loads of
advertising slots
Even in the case of a high volume of high-quality user traffic, whose profile is ideal for certain
advertisers, according to both socio-demographic parameters and interests, publishers may
experience problems with loading ad slots.
Such “gaps” in the effectiveness of current sites, allocated for the purchase and sale of
advertising, arise because of the imperfect nature of algorithms designed for distributing
offers among publishers’ advertising slots.
Smart algorithms based on neural networks on the Ubex platform are able to optimally
distribute thousands of ads from advertisers online. The Ubex algorithm maximizes revenues
of publishers with the most effective ad slots on account of their maximum load capacity.

23

2.

Inefficient targeting => Low number of targeted actions
Due to the imperfections of the targeting algorithms available on the market, with some rare
exceptions, advertisers are forced to adhere to the proverbial strategy of “shooting sparrows
from cannons”, trying to reach their target audience with a certain margin to spare.
In addition to the irrational use of advertising budgets, the reverse side of this approach is
the immense amount of irrelevant advertising on publishers’ websites, which means that
each ad slot attracts a relatively small number of targeted actions. In turn, the less targeted
the ad slot attracts, the lower the publisher’s revenue via the COST PER ACTION payment
model.
The Ubex neural networks solution increases the targeting of advertising, thereby
maximizing the likelihood of target actions being performed by the audience of interest
to the advertiser. Thus, the revenue for the publishers’ most effective advertising slots is
maximized.

3.

Lack of transparency on the part of advertisers => Problems of
non-payment of advertising costs
Three key risks exist for publishers when working on the basis of the COST PER ACTION
model:
(a) Shaving is the concealment, by the advertiser, of the fact of fulfillment of a targeted
action by a user, attracted by advertising to the publisher’s website.
(b) Failure to pay for advertising for verified targeted actions by both parties leads to court
lawsuits on debt collection, which in itself is an expensive and laborious process for the
publisher.
(c) Late payment of advertising is more common than failure of payment in principle, but also
detrimental to the financial performance of the publisher (increase in the volume of illiquid
accounts receivable in assets to the detriment of additional working capital).
The solution to the problem of shaving risks, non-payment for services or delays in
payments for advertising by advertisers is achieved in Ubex through the application of three
mechanisms based on blockchain technology:
(i) Tracking. When connecting to the Ubex advertising exchange, advertisers and publishers
install tracking services. It is possible to track user behavior at all stages of the conversion
funnel with the help of such tracking services. If the user sees the advertisement of a
particular advertiser (for example, an online store) in the form of a banner on the publisher’s
website, and after that they paste the website address of the online store into their browser

24

search bar (instead of clicking on the banner link or making a purchase through a widget),
Ubex algorithm will be able to track the entire route of the user from the display of the
promotional offer to payment for the purchase by recording each user’s transaction in the
blockchain (However, more thorough description of the tracking process can be found on the
page 27).
(ii) The rating mechanism. A multi-level system of rating of counterparties on the Ubex
advertising exchange takes into account all the transactions that system participants had
ever concluded, the volume of these transactions, the timeliness of payments, as well as all
complaints, claims and reviews following the results of fulfilled or canceled transactions.
The rating of each of the participants is used by the algorithm in making decisions about
the selection of advertiser offers for displays on specific advertising slots. The rating is
considered by the neural network as one of the factors making it possible to choose among
several alternative offers aiming for placement on each of the publisher’s advertising slots.
(iii) Escrow / factoring. Ubex solves the problem of late payments through the use of a
crypto-financial platform allowing instant payments and verification of smart contracts
on the one hand and keeping advertisers’ budgets in escrow on the other. An advertiser
with a low rating makes an advance payment through their personal account and payment
for targeted actions occurs as the actions take place. In turn, the publisher gets detailed
information about what targeted actions were taken and to what extent for each particular
advertiser for a relevant period. The publisher will also see how much they need to be paid
by the advertiser. All information about the targeted actions and their value is stored in smart
contracts based on the blockchain system. It is thus impossible to forge any formation by
any of the platform participants or even the Ubex team.
Escrow is not the only solution that Ubex offers. In the case of large advertisers, the task
of deferring payments in order to fulfill financial KPIs in terms of working capital may
be relevant. For such advertisers, Ubex offers a flexible factoring solution. The option of
factoring is available only for advertisers with high ratings and no arrears of payments.
In case of results of losses for publishers due to non-payment or delays in payments, the
advertiser is forever deprived of the right of applying the factoring option. Factoring services
will be provided by a third party, called Factoring center. Ubex itself is not involved in the
financial transactions, except for ensuring the correctness of the rating system. Thus, Ubex
minimizes risks for publishers.

Only blockchain will make it possible, in principle, to switch to a model of payment for
targeted actions.
Blockchain allows for the implementation of: (1) tracking of target actions and saving
them in a database transparent for all participants, (2) creating a trusted reputation
rating (3) creating mechanisms for guaranteeing mutual settlements, (4) tokenization
of ad slots for publishers and factoring centers for advertisers, (5) distributed data
mining for consumer-related information

25

4.

Underdevelopment of monetization systems for advertising slots =>
Lack of alternative sources of income
Many publishers lose revenue due to reduced displays of advertising. Mainly the number
of hits becomes smaller due to the increased use of adblockers by users (according to the
IAB study, penetration of adblockers among desktop browser users is more than 25%). This
leads to a reduction in the volume of working capital, which is often limited by long delays
in payments from advertisers or digital agencies. Financial difficulties compel publishers to
look for new sources of raising funds for contribution, in the development of their websites
and increasing future advertising revenues.
Ubex offers publishers the opportunity to tokenize their advertising slots. By utilizing all the
statistics of users and advertising platforms available inside the exchange, Ubex algorithms
provide forecasts of potential publisher earnings and give an opportunity of forecasting
future earnings provided the necessary rating is available. Thus, through tokenization,
publishers can improve their financial performance by increasing their working capital. The
tokenization of future incomes is based on blockchain-based smart contracts, while the
amount of potential future income is forecasted by the neural networks.

5.

Inefficient targeting => Partial loss of ad traffic
Users are increasingly complaining about irrelevant ad displays. According to the IAB UK
study, 46% of users block advertising because of low relevance. About 55% of the audience
complains that advertising simply irritates them. People who do not use adblockers (for
example, because they do not know about their existence), can visit frequent websites
less often, because they are overloaded with annoying and irrelevant advertising, and
avoiding such websites is the only resort to seeing less advertising. In turn, this also leads
to a reduction in revenue of advertising for publishers. Therefore, the publisher is directly
interested in having their audience see only those ads that do not cause irritation and
seem relevant. The currently available algorithms for selecting advertising, overload the
audience with inappropriate advertising, thereby contributing very little to the preservation of
advertising traffic for publishers and, accordingly, their profitability.
Thanks to the use of algorithms based on neural networks, Ubex offers users the most
relevant advertising options. The profits for all parties involved are maximized through this
approach. This includes the advertisers, publishers, and users, who will see less irrelevant
advertising. Thanks to the placement of advertising on their websites through the Ubex
exchange, publishers reduce the outflow of users who are annoyed by advertising that does
not match their interests. In turn, the retention of user traffic allows publishers to increase
their profitability.

26

With the help of Ubex, publishers will significantly increase revenue from effective sites:

The increase in revenue from advertising slots for publishers is made possible due to the transfer of all
transactions with advertisers onto smart contracts and optimization of targeting by neural networks.
Problem

Loss drivers

Technology

Solution

Low ad slot load

(1) # Amount of
advertisements

Neural networks

An algorithm that distributes offers from
advertisers in real time in the most optimal manner.

Low number of
targeted actions

(2) % Conversion
to targeted action

Neural networks

An algorithm that increases the level of targeting
of advertising, and thus maximizes the number of
targeted actions.

Non-payment of
advertising costs

(3) Debts unpaid

Blockchain

Tracking of target actions of users and saving
them in a database transparent to all participants.
A multi-level rating system, as well as an escrow
mechanism for guaranteeing mutual settlements.

Absence of alternative
sources of income

(4) Other income

Neural networks
and blockchain

The possibility of tokenization of advertising slots
by publishers (earning revenue for future projected
revenue).

Loss of part of the
advertising traffic

(5) Traffic

Neural networks

Maximizing the relevance of advertising for each
user.

27

The product
The Ubex advertising exchange will be located at www.ubex.com and it will have a convenient
interface that will work with the exchange services from PCs, tablets and mobile devices. The two
main sections for advertisers and publishers will be presented on the website, the principles of
interaction with which are described below.

Ubex: Service for Advertisers
Advertisers can set up and run an ad campaign in a few clicks. Tasks that required an entire team of
digital marketers can now be taken over by Ubex algorithms.
An advertising campaign is created through a personal account in four simple steps:
(1) Create an offer and specify the commercial terms.
The user specifies the cost of advertising, or a percentage of the sale, as well as deferred payment (for
advertisers with a high rating). Also, the advertiser chooses the targeted actions they are willing to pay
publishers for.
(2) Select a widget or create your own.
Widgets can be personalized by the advertiser and can also be provided by the exchange (for example,
the payday loan, a form for obtaining microcredits). In the case of personalized widgets, it is enough to
upload a banner or video and install and configure all the necessary forms through a handy designer
available in the personal account. For more complex settings, widgets can be written in a customized
Java script-code.
(3) Select the interests of the target audience, the time of displays, geography and other criteria.
After setting up the widget, the advertiser sets the rules for displaying the ads so that advertising is as
relevant to the target audience as possible. In parallel with the settings, the neural network provides
forecasts of the effectiveness of the customized advertising campaign.
(4) Launch an advertising campaign and monitor the results.
With the help of a personal account in the Ubex system, the advertiser can monitor in real time all the
key metrics for the created advertising campaign. These metrics include the targeted actions that
were taken, their time, the publishers on whose platforms advertising was displayed, the activity of
these publishers in the advertising campaigns. The neural network also provides updated reports on
the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.

28

Payment is made only upon the completion of targeted actions specified in the offer. Funds are
credited from the amount held in the escrow system of the Ubex crypto financial platform, or from
the advertiser’s account at the time indicated in the smart contract (in case of factoring payments for
advertisers with high ratings).

Ubex: Service for Publishers
Publishers can quickly and conveniently connect their advertising slot to the Ubex advertising
platform and start earning as soon as the tracking add-on accumulates enough data about site traffic
for further analysis by the neural networks. Connection to the Ubex system takes place in four simple
steps:
(1) Register an advertising slot.
The publisher allocates slots for ad units on a website, marks them with a special identifier and places
the Java script code of the exchange. Any owner of internet resources with regular user traffic of
sufficient volume as per the requirements of the advertisers can receive approval for registration. After
reviewing the application, the publisher receives a notification email.
(2) Adjust advertising topic restrictions.
In the Ubex interface, the publisher chooses the topics that they allow for placement on their websites.
For instance, the owner of an internet resource on contributions can narrow down the topics for
advertising exclusively to financial services. The publisher can add new restrictions in the future, when
they see the first results of ad displays chosen by the neural networks as the most relevant for their
resource.
(3) Specify geolocation, audience interests and social parameters
To facilitate the indexing of their resource in the general site directory, the publisher can specify
additional data for accounting when searching for advertisers. These parameters will be considered
by the neural networks in the event the publisher refuses to set traffic tracking on their website (the
algorithm will prioritize only those publishers that have installed tracking on their resources).
(4) Set restrictions on widgets and advertisers
Publishers can view existing widgets for each topic and disable the ones they choose. For example,
the owner of a resource with articles on contributing in precious metals may want to turn off a widget
used to purchase cryptocurrencies without leaving the resource. Also, the publisher can create a
“black list” of specific advertisers whose widgets they do not wish to see on their resource.
Payment is made only upon the completion of targeted actions specified in the offer. Funds are
credited from the amount held in the escrow system of the Ubex crypto financial platform, or from
the advertiser’s account at the time indicated in the smart contract (in case of factoring payments for
advertisers with high ratings).

29

The Ubex Platform
The Ubex platform will provide ample opportunities not only to publishers and advertisers, but also to
companies that need regression analysis of user data. The system’s neural core, which is responsible
for making decisions at all stages of the life cycle of the advertising material, will have an API, access
to which can be provided to partner companies.
The behavioral decision-making blockchain allows one to evaluate user data and make a judgment
about the perceived interests of the user. This regression estimate can be used not only to display
advertising materials, but for other purposes as well. The API will provide an opportunity to retrieve a
list of expected categories with an estimate for each based on a query with user data.
Training the system core to obtain relevant and accurate forecasts is a laborious process. In this
regard, the platform will provide the ability of adding statistical data to the site user’s actions, which
can be used as a training sample for the system’s core. The site owners who provided data will receive
a reward proportional to the contribution of the data provided for training the system core. These
actions are similar to mining, when users are rewarded for labor-intensive work (providing statistical
data for the formation of a training sample).

The Ubex Wallet
The UBEX Token will act as a payment unit on the Ubex platform. The need for a Token is based on
the need to credit funds from advertisers’ accounts for the displays of advertising materials that they
have bought. Basic cryptocurrencies do not allow the crediting of funds from third party accounts
even if one has permission from the third parties. The Token allows for setting quotas (allowances) to
a specific address within which the owner of the address can use the funds available on the account.
Crediting is possible only on condition that the account holder has established the size of the quota
and only from the address to which the quota is issued, otherwise the funds cannot be credited.
In addition, as mentioned in the previous section, the Ubex platform will enable the owners of
websites, who are providing statistical data for training of the system core, to receive UBEX Tokens
as a reward for their actions (similar to mining). 5% of the income from all Ubex transactions will be
distributed to the data providers. Due to the existence of the allowance techniques in proprietary
Tokens, these Tokens allow executing smart contract, which allows such actions to be written. The
use of cryptocurrency does not directly provide such opportunities. We call this function Ubex Data
Mining (UDM).
The Ubex platform will allow the input of Tokens into the system and their output for a wide range
of crypto and fiat currencies. The Ubex platform will allow the input of Tokens into the system and
their output for a wide range of crypto and fiat currencies. Any user can exchange his tokens for such
cryptocurrencies as ETH, BTC, USD, etc. using the Ubex exchange rates. The exchange rates will be
determined by the needs of the market and based on the trade data of the UBEX Token.

30

The technology
How it works: The system’s Neural Core and its interaction with the blockchain.

The system core named Advanced Decentralized Advertising Marketing (ADAM) is responsible for
making the decision to display advertising materials. This decision is based on the data stored in the
blockchain as well as on the model data of the neural network stored internally.
The main features of the system can be explained on the life cycle of a widget that promotes a
car insurance service – from (1) the advertiser’s, (2) the publisher’s and (3) the user’s perspective
respectively.

31

(1) The Advertiser. The widget appears in the system after the advertiser registers and adds an offer
that promotes the insurance service. Each participant has a correspondent entity in the system
Smart-Contract of the Ethereum blockchain, so during the registration process the system creates
an entity in the blockchain, fills it with general data and initializes visitor-related coefficients (their
meaning will be discussed later). The offer entity is created in the blockchain when the advertiser
creates it within the management interface. Along with other promotional materials, the advertiser
can register a widget, load the start banner and specify the format and list of fields requested from the
user. In addition, the advertiser specifies the parameters for displaying the offer promotional materials
and widgets (subject, geodata, a list of visitor interests, age and censorship restrictions, etc.). Most of
these parameters are stored in the Smart-Contract of the Ethereum blockchain as well, excluding the
heavy data stored on the external storage and linked to the offer entity via the URL. Given the fact that
the system is decentralized, the advertiser can register at any partner sites that are members of the
Ubex exchange network, the data will be eventually added to the blockchain in any case. The data of
the advertiser, the offer and promotional materials along with the parameters for displaying widgets
can be used by any member of the exchange that have a necessary rating and access level.
(2) The Publisher. The widget can start working on the publisher’s website as soon as the publisher
registers, passes the KYC procedure and adds a placement space. During the registration process,
the entity is created in the Ethereum Smart-Contract with all the data of the publisher. When creating
a placement space, the publisher, similar to the advertiser, specifies a set of parameters (subject,
geolocation, typical interests of his website visitors, age and censorship boundaries, etc.). The data
of the created placement goes to the blockchain as an entity as well. To achieve better results, the
publisher can integrate the tracking services of the exchange, thus providing extended statistics for
their visitors. Decentralization, as in the case of the advertiser, allows one to register at any partner
websites available on the Ubex network, the data will be added to the blockchain as a main system
data storage. All of the publisher space data can be used by any decision-making service that
operates within the Ubex exchange.
(3) The Visitor. An initial request comes from a visitor’s browser to the tracking balancer. The role
of this balancer is to switch the visitor’s request to one of the hundreds of tracking micro-service
instances (trackers). The tracker is responsible for management processing of a visitor’s request,
including, but not limited to, gathering visitor data, interaction with neural network nodes, holding
preliminary results, transferring data to and from renderer instances and responding to visitors with a
final advertising widget. The Ubex exchange will operate dozens of automated decision-making nodes
of the neural network (DSP – Demand Side Platform). Consider such a node as a black box able to
get a list of parameters and respond with a single number (or with a list of single numbers) showing
the degree of correspondence to predefined result. Each DSP is a small, learned neural network model
that can communicate with the blockchain as a decentralized storage. The first such DSP node starts
working after the tracker feeds it the visitor’s data.

32

DSP-1 (behavior analysis). The DSP receives from the tracker dozens of parameters at the input
stage, including the publisher data, placement space data, current visitor’s data, extended data of
the authorized user in case of integration, and the marketing history of the current user. The tracker
marks the current visitor in the browser, understanding when the same visitor requests displays of
advertising material even on another website. In addition, the history of the visitor’s activity on the
publisher’s website is also provided, for example, in the case of online stores, this includes previous
orders of the visitor and other information available relevant to that particular visitor. At this stage, the
tracker can read the correspondent data from the Ethereum blockchain including publisher-related
and space-related coefficients. These coefficients act as a precise tuning mechanism giving the
neural network the ability of making decisions for each particular visitor of the particular publisher’s
website. The more input data is provided, the more accurately the neural network will be able to
understand the interests of the visitor. As a result, DSP-1 tries to choose top visitor preferences in
terms of core system categories (tags) with a correspondent number for each of them. For example,
the tags “electronics”, “currency” and “blockchain technology” result in 0.15 (15%), 0.35 (35%) and 0.41
(41%) numbers respectively. The tracker collects all the data returned by the DSP-1 and prepares to
interact with further DSPs along the chain.
DSP-2 (offer selection). The DSP-2 should select the list of potential candidates, such as advertising
materials and widgets that can be potentially interesting to the visitor. By receiving input from the
tracker (obtained from previous DSP-1), the current DSP-2 conducts its regression evaluation of all

33

available advertising materials according tags selected on previous step. Like in case of DSP-1 the
tracker can get advertiser-related coefficients from the Ethereum blockchain, include all the data
received on previous step and feed it to DSP-2. As a result, the tracker receives a decision number
for each material, for example, for three materials including “TV banner”, “auto insurance widget” (the
widget under consideration in this case), and “property mortgage banner”, we get 0.1 (10%), 0.65 (65%)
and 0.73 (73%) respectively.
NOTE. At the moment, most of the existing programmatic exchanges would have already decided to
display the “property mortgage banner”, as the correspondence is at maximum. But not Ubex.
DSP-3 (final decision). At the input stage, the next DSP-3 receives all the parameters collected by the
tracker on the current query and selects one (and only one) from the materials selected on previous
step. The statistical data is parsed by tracker and provided to DSP-3 for analysis. The final DSP
selects not only the most relevant, but also the most financially effective result (which is beneficial
both for publishers and advertisers). For this purpose, neural network regression is performed for each
user action on the advertising material and a map is created containing the estimated indicators.
Rendering and responding to the user. At the next stage, the tracker already knows which banner /
widget to display. It gives the task to one of the thousands of rendering micro-services (renderers)
to build a bundle of scripts, css and images for the displayed widget. This final bundle of code and
assets is returned to the visitor of the publisher’s website.
All further user actions, including analytics, clicks and interactions with advertising material are served
by the tracker. If the user interacts with the widget, it will be reflected in the publisher and advertiser
statistics and leads to changing publisher-related, space-related and advertiser-related coefficients
stored in the Ethereum blockchain, which, eventually, affects further decisions.
Thus, we obtain a highly organized, intelligent system consisting of hundreds and thousands of DSPs
that make small decisions at every stage of displaying advertising material.

34

The model of the neural network
As part of the system, thousands of DSPs will perform regressive estimation of qualitative or
quantitative indicators for compliance with a certain result.
Each DSP is a neural network.

(Figure 4.1) – The model of the neural network

The layer of input parameters consists of normalized per unit indicators. At the output stage, the
neural network gives normalized per unit judgments about the set of output properties.
Each node within the hidden layers of the network is a neuron. At the first approximation, the artificial
neuron imitates the properties of a biological neuron. At the input stage, an artificial neuron receives
a certain number of signals, each of which is the output of another neuron. Each input is multiplied
by the corresponding weight, similar to the synaptic force and all products are summed, determining

35

the activation level of the neuron. Figure (Figure 4.2) presents a model that realizes this idea. Here,
the set of input signals, denoted x1, x2, ..., xn, arrive at an artificial neuron. These input signals
correspond to signals that come to the synapses of a biological neuron. Each signal is multiplied
by the corresponding weight w1, w2, ..., wn, and is sent to the summation block, denoted by Σ. Each
weight corresponds to the “strength” of one biological synaptic connection. The summing unit, which
corresponds to the body of the biological element, algebraically combines the weighted inputs,
creating the output NET:

(Figure 4.2) — Artificial neuron as a first approximation

The given description can be represented by the following formula

where w0 is the bias;
wi is weight of the i-th neuron;
xi is the output of the i-th neuron;
n is the number of neurons that enter the processed neuron.
The w0 signal, which is called the bias, displays the function of the limiting value, also known as the
shift. This signal allows shifting the origin of the activation function, which further increases learning
speed. This signal is added to each neuron, it learns like all other scales, and its feature is that it
connects to the +1 signal, and not to the output of the previous neuron.

36

The received NET signal is usually processed by the activation function and gives the output neural
signal OUT (Figure 4.3)

(Figure 4.3) – Artificial neuron with activation function

If the activation function narrows the range of the value of NET so that for each value of NET the
OUT values belong to a certain range, or the finite interval, then the function F is called a narrowing
function. A logistic or “sigmoidal” function is often used in the case of such functions. This function is
expressed mathematically as follows:

The main advantage of such a function is that it has a simple derivative and differentiates along the
entire abscissa axis. The graph of the function has the following form (Figure 4.4)

37

(Figure 4.4) – Type of sigmoidal activation function

The function amplifies weak signals and prevents saturation from large signals.

Neural Network Model
If we consider a behavioral DSP analyzing the initial user query, then the input parameters can be:
• ...
• Country – USA (0/1)
• Country – United Kingdom (0/1)
• ...
• iPhone Device (0/1)
• ...

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Chrome browser (0/1)
Safari browser (0/1)
...
Number of visits to the site (0..1, sigmoid, 0 – no indicator, 1 – infinity)
Number of displays of advertising materials (0..1)
The number of clicks on materials (0..1)
Number of interactions with the material (forms submits) (0..1)
...
Number of hits in the “technology ”category (0..1)
Number of hits in the “insurance” category (0..1)
...

38

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

The scope of actions in the “technology” category (0..1)
The scope of actions in the “insurance” category (0..1)
...
The publisher-related coefficient 1 (0..1)
The publisher-related coefficient 2 (0..1)
The publisher-related coefficient 3 (0..1)
...
The space-related coefficient 1 (0..1)
The space-related coefficient 2 (0..1)
The space-related coefficient 3 (0..1)
...

Here, the number of hits is a collective indicator. For online stores, this can be the purchase of goods
from the category, for a forum, it can be the number of views of topics in a category, etc. By analogy,
the scope of actions is also a collective parameter. For online stores, it is the volume of purchases of
goods from the category, for a forum, it can be the number of posts written by a user in a category.
Publisher-related and space-related coefficients are used for precise tuning in terms of particular
publisher and his particular space statistics. They are changed by the system after any user action
(show, click, action, etc.). These coefficients will be stored in the Ethereum blockchain, which will allow
regression estimation on it in a decentralized manner using any DSP.
There should be normalized per unit compliance indicators at the output of a behavioral DSP neural
network for the categories of the exchange, for example:
• ...
• Technology – 0.023
• Insurance – 0.321
• Mortgage – 0.003
• ...
To train a neural network, Ubex will use The Big Data statistics of displays of advertising agencies, the
strategic partners of Ubex. Teaching the neural network is the most challenging part of the system’s
core, especially obtaining the proper training data sets. That is why Ubex introduced the ability of
gaining UBEX Tokens for providing marketing data. It could be as simple as installing small tracking
script code on an agency/publisher website and receiving the appropriate reward.
A selective DSP takes into account everything that was calculated by the behavioral DSP. Similarly
to the behavioral neural network, the advertiser-related coefficients of adjustment also enter the
selective input to obtain an individual result.
There should be normalized per unit compliance indicators at the output of a selective DSP neural
network corresponding to each advertising material, for example
• ...
• iPhone banner – 0.043

39

•
•
•

Insurance company widget – 0.134
Currency Exchange banner – 0.002
...

The final DSP taking the final decision must calculate the normalized coefficient for each user’s
action for each advertisement. The display of the iPhone banner is calculated by one neural network,
the action on the widget of the insurance company is performed by another neural network, etc. At
the input stage, each neural network receives the behavioral indicators of the visitor (similarly to the
behavioral DSP), the publisher-related, space-related and advertiser-related coefficients and at the
output stage receives one normalized indicator.
Returning to the example from the previous section, we can consider only two banners – the “property
mortgage banner” and the “auto insurance widget” (our widget).
For the “property mortgage banner”, we receive:
click 0.1 (10%)
action 0 (not performed)
For the “auto insurance widget”:
click 0.12 (12%)
action 0.025 (2.5%)
To make a final, weighted decision, it is necessary to calculate the estimated cost of placing
advertising material using the following formula:
C = Se * Sc + Ce * Cc + Ae * Ac
, where
Se – show ad estimation
Sc – show ad cost/price
Ce – click to ad estimation
Cc – click to ad cost
Ae – action by user estimation
Ac – action by user cost
Let us assume the adviser pays for the “property mortgage banner”:
the display is 10 units
the click is 120 units
action is 0 units
Accordingly, C = 10 * 100% + 120 * 10% = 22

40

For the “auto insurance widget” the advertiser pays:
the display is 5 units
the click 90 units
the action 400 units
Accordingly, C = 5 * 100% + 90 * 12% + 400 * 2.5% = 25.8
As you can see, even at half the price per display and almost half the price per click, it is more
profitable to make money on displaying the “auto insurance widget”.
Thus, due to the use of neural networks, the Ubex algorithm allows for taking into account a variety of
factors that affect both the relevance of the advertising display and its economic efficiency. The Ubex
algorithm collects data about the profile of each specific publisher, its space and advertiser, including
their behavior, geography, visiting time, interests, etc., and calculates the probability of a targeted
action for each individual advertisement. The more data passes through the Ubex neural networks, the
more effectively it solves its tasks.

41

Roadmap
Q4 2016
Creation of an advertising
platform for promoting
Payday Loans

Q3 2017
Introduction of an API interface
for use by publishers to register
advertising space

Q1 2018
Introduction of
advertiser auctions

May 2018
Launch of the desktop and mobile
Alpha versions of the Advertiser
application

October 2018
Development of the system’s neural
core prototype and initial training
of the neural networks

December 2018
Introduction of an API prototype for
sharing training data in exchange
for rewards (data mining)

March 2019

Q1 2017
Development of integration tools
to link marketing campaigns with
publishers’ websites

Q4 2017
Addition of new types
of advertising tools and
customization of widgets

April 2018
Development of the exchange smart
contract prototype for the storage
of basic information

August 2018
Launch of the desktop and mobile
Alpha versions of the Publisher
application

November 2018

Introduction of smart contracts
capable of storing neural network
adjacent coefficients in the blockchain

January 2019
Launch of the Beta versions of
Advertiser and Publisher applications

Release of the initial versions of
operational applications and smart
contracts

42

Team & Advisors
Artem Chestnov
@artem-chestnov-aa5461

Ubex CEO and Сo-founder
Ex-Marketing Director AB Inbev, Belgium
Artem is a serial entrepreneur with a background in marketing, mainly focused on the
European market. Artem graduated from INSEAD MBA in France and Singapore and
spent most of his career in the Netherlands and Belgium as head of marketing and
innovations for a major consumer goods company (sales volume of 56 bln USD in
2017, budget under personal management 40m USD). Participated in various topmanagement roles in a number of Tech and Blockchain projects, including LAToken,
Reborn and Medviser.

Daniel Biesuz
@biesuz

Ubex Head of Legal and Co-founder
Partner at ILFP, Zurich
Daniel Biesuz has built his career in the legal space, helping the M&A process of
companies in Switzerland. He was consulting companies in the blockchain and ICO
space, and after meeting with Artem, he decided to contribute time and money into
idea of AI-based advertisement. His experience with previous projects, like Global
Blockchain Technology Fonds, Lapo Blockchain and InsurePal and helped kick-start
the legal and contribution block.

Dan Gartman
@dan-gartman

Ubex CTO
Artificial Neural Nets Master
Data Science Certified Engineer
Experience with Google TensorFlow, GoLang, Solidity and React.js
Dan was raised in a family of engineers. Being a mathematically gifted child,
he released his first game at the age of 12. After graduation, he researched
electromagnetic waves and physics of solid objects and worked as a web developer at
the same time. During the first five years of his professional career, he mastered C++,
PHP and Javascript as a basis for his work and research. Throughout the next 6 years,
he engaged in research of artificial neural networks and their influence on internet
technologies. Over the last two years, he added decentralization to his work spectrum
and implemented a model for speech recognition. He always looks for challenges, and
a decentralized marketing exchange is an astounding opportunity to demonstrate his
impressive skills.

43

Andrew Rippon
@arippon

Ubex COO
Blockchain technologies specialist,
ex-lead designer for the Smart Dubai Platform
Blockchain expert advisor to governments, corporations and real estate developers.
An ex-advisor to Smart Dubai Office, an initiative of the Executive Office of HH
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Worked with Governments, real estate developers
and Telcos to enhance cities through clever ICT services based on Data Orchestration
/ Big Data, Predictive Analytics, Integrated Operations Centres and Innovation on the
Smart City project.

Kathrin Anthony
@ekaterina-anthony-mba-a293aa1

Ubex Head of Global Sales
Founder Finvestech.ch, Switzerland
Economics graduate with an MBA in finance management from California State
University. Based in Switzerland and actively involved in developing ICO markets and
crypto funds offering. Active member of the Crypto Valley in Zug.
Has over 20 years of experience in sales and business development management.
From 2005 to 2010 acted as Head of a division at McGraw-Hill Platts, leading
distribution and licensing of the Market on Close (MOC) commodities trading platform.
In 2010, joined RTS Exchange as Global Business director and Head of office in London
to maximize revenues from equity and derivatives trading products from EU and US
institutional contributors.

Cooz Komei Tokita
@coozkomeitokita

Director Business Development
Japanese-American from Los Angeles, California, endowed with a Western and
Eastern cultural background. Built the first local Bitcoin exchange in Japan in 2013 and
other business ventures such as pharmaceutical tech, auto sales, personal finance/
asset planning, and real estate. Early adopter of cryptocurrency and blockchain
technology. Author of confidential reports for government and regulatory authorities.
Represents the Cryptos Fund, a regulated cryptocurrency index fund following the
CCI30 that tracks the top 30 digital assets that make up 90% of the market.

44

Alberto Maiorana
@albertomaiorana

Ubex Strategic Partnerships
Alberto has 15+ years experience in marketing and business development with a deep
vision of the international business and a specific focus on consumer goods and sports
& entertainment. He has been working with some of the biggest brands such as GM, Star
Wars, English Premier League, KHL, UEFA Champions League and on the international
level, particularly across Europe. His specialty is launching new products, setting up and
growing distribution and forging commercial partnerships. Alberto has also been directly
involved in two startups and executed respective successful exits.

Alex Korobkov
@alexeykorobkov

Ubex IR director
General partner at 4Blocks Capital Partners
Alex is a professional contribution & strategy officer, successful entrepreneur, crypto
contributor, ICO and VC advisor possessing more than 18 years’ cumulative experience
in top management positions in venture capital and private equity (VC&PE), Information
and communication technologies (ICT), IT & business consulting in 13 international
markets in such companies as Vimpelcom, SAP, i-Free, 4Blocks Capital Partners.

Iyke Aru
@iyke-aru-85b193110

Community director Africa
Iyke is the leading blockchain educator in Africa. He is also a writer and crypto
contributor in several successful ICOs. Iyke has 15 years of experience in both
mainstream and internet contribution. He writes about cryptos for various top blockchain
and crypto news resources.

Igor Selivanov
@igor-selivanov-a0ba03159

Senior Full-Stack & Blockchain Engineer
Igor has been fond of science and computer games since childhood, and as early as
school demonstrated outstanding abilities in computer science, in particular, in the field
of choosing non-trivial algorithms for solving problems. At the university, he developed
desktop applications in C ++ using the Qt library. After graduation from university, he
worked in finance in several companies, where he took part in major projects involving
the development of websites, corporate CRM and billing systems. Recently, he is actively
working on projects using blockchain technology. The technology stack includes the
following programming languages: GoLang, C ++, Qt, Java, Javascript, Solidity, ReactJS.
He also studies computer security and built a «smart home» from scratch in his spare
time.

45

Alex Zhmurin
@alex-zhmurin-18188532

Senior Javascript Engineer
Alex studied information technologies as a hobby, and after graduation from university,
he chose website development as his profession. He spent several years studying
Javascript to create convinient and rich user interfaces. He now has more than 10 years
of practical experience in the field of development and demonstrates a solid knowledge
in the field of Javascript Prototype, jQuery, ReactJS, Material-UI and Redux. He is fond of
sports and computers, he is currently studying modeling of human behavior with the help
of neural networks.

Eugeny Matveev
@eugeny-matveev-12a769163

Full-Stack Engineer
After graduation from university, Eugene underwent practice in a design studio, where he
studied HTML, CSS, jQuery. He later had much hands-on experience developing websites
in PHP. Since 2015, he prefer separate a front-end techniques (VanillaJS, Vue) from a
back-end ones (PHP, Ruby).

Igor Vatamaniuc
@igor-vatamaniuc

Javascript Front-end Engineer
Igor beleives that user interfaces are a central point of the internet technologies that is
why he is a world-recognized professional in the development of web interfaces. He has
achieved great success in the development of the visual component of websites, such
as prototypes of pages, HTML, CSS, animation on Javascript. If you enjoy visiting some
website probably it is a work of Igor.

The Ubex team consists of more than 30 specialists. More details about the team members can be
found here - https://www.ubex.com/team/

46

Urs Bolt
@ursbolt

Advisor
Financial services, wealth management and banking technologies expert
Urs Bolt has more than 30 years of experience in the financial services industry, mainly
in wealth management, investment banking and related technology businesses. His
main focus is helping FinTech & RegTech companies and financial service providers with
business strategy reviews, product development and markets. Urs is constantly ranked
as a top FinTech influencer in Switzerland and globally in RegTech.

Michael Gord
@mgord

Technical Advisor
MLG Blockchain Capital Board of Directors Bitcoin & Blockchain
Alliance Canada
Michael is a serial blockchain entrepreneur and has founded or co-founded companies
including MLG Blockchain, StratX and AirdropX, among others. Michael graduated
from Desautels Faculty of Management at McGill University with a concentration in
entrepreneurship, marketing and information systems.

Ismail Malik
@Blockchain

Marketing Advisor
Founder Blockchain Lab
Editor in Chief ICO Crowd, London
Ismail is the founder of Blockchain Lab and the publisher of ICO Crowd magazine. He is
one of the first enthusiasts of blockchain in London and has been working in the industry
since early 2013. Ismail is among the best connected persons in the industry, helping
projects develop with his teams based in London and Seoul. He is responsible for helping
Ubex with its marketing strategy and execution, as well with talent acquisition.

Arie Orlovsky
@arie-lev-orlovsky-5545021

Adivisor Israel
Ex-Strategy consultant, Booz&Co, IBM
Arie Orlovski is graduate of Technicon in Israel and studied together with Artem in
INSEAD in France. He is a seasoned entrepreneur, strategy consultant, technologist and
business development executive.

47

David Lim
@david-lim-6680a614

Advisor China & Korea
A business development director in China
David has 15+ experience in business development in Asia. He is a native Korean
who has lived in China for more than 10 years. He is an INSEAD MBA who studied
with Artem in France. He is a business development director for China in one of major
global logistics companies. He worked on various marketing and investment projects
for Korean government in Seoul before his MBA. His working experience covers both
private companies and government authorities. David lived and worked Shanghai,
Singapore, Hong Kong, Jakarta, and Seoul. Currently, he is based in Shanghai and
keen to develop a new business with digital transformation. He is writing his first book
about China’s digital transformation, which will be published in 2019.

Sergio Pereira
@sergiopreira

Advisor
Co-founder and managing director at ComparaJá
Sergio Pereira is a financial expert with over 15 years of experience. Ever since
graduating from Imperial College London with an Electric and Electronic Engineering
and Management degree and an MBA in Business Administration from INSEAD, Sergio
has worked in various industries from automotive manufacturing to Consulting.
Throughout his career, Sergio has occupied management positions in such prominent
companies as Toyota and BCG before co-founding the ComparaJá financial
comparison platform in 2015 and acting as its managing director to present.

Sergiu Draganus
@sergiudraganus

Advisor
Co-founder and CEO of CryptoCoin.Pro
Sergiu Draganus is a serial entrepreneur and IT specialist with over 18 years of
experience. Throughout his career, Sergiu has occupied a variety of positions in
companies from various industries. He has served as a CEO, Concept Architect, Board
member and technical advisor for leading IT companies and ranking agencies and
crypto projects. The companies he has worked in include such eminent names as
Virtual Invest, eRanker, BoostIT, IPSX, Swiss Crypto Exchange AG and others. He also
the Co-Founder of CryptoCoin.Pro.

48

Ali Kassab
@ali-kassab-70657015

Advisor
Chairman & CEO of Centurion & Co
Ali Kassab, is a self-made businessman and serial entrepreneur with over 20 years of
experience across multinational cloud software and digital payment companies. His
expertise is nurturing and building entrepreneurship ecosystems in the MENA region
from scratch. He is an innovator and technology enthusiast. He has led successful
projects in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East.

Javier Gonzalez
@javieregonzalez

Advisor
Founder of VentureSpec
Javier Gonzalez has a wealth of experience as a startup founder. He is a former Rocket
Internet MD and currently provides boutique advisory services post-seed for ventures.
Javier holds an MBA from INSEAD, as well a Telecommunications Engineer Masters
from ENSEA in France and Systems Analysis at the University of Miami and other
professional certificates.

Mickey Choi
Blockсhain Advisor
Mickey Global Business CEO
Mickey Choi has been serving as a representative of the stock market community
in Korea and has been presenting his experience as a small shareholder in various
business fields since 2007. Currently, he has experience in blockchain as an early
investor and businessman who is involved in ICO project analysis, marketing,
incubation and consulting for investors in many countries around the world. Mickey
is an expert on the Korean market and has been involved in its blockchain integration
and development for several years.

49

Risks
Risks and strategies for their mitigation
Risk

1
2

3
4
5
6

Mitigation strategy

Significance Probability

Appearance of a large
programmatic digital
marketing competitor.

Strategic focus on developing technological
advantages (increasing algorithm
effectiveness in distributing advertising
offers among platform participants).

3/4

2/4

Introduction of stringent
regulations on blockchain
in key jurisdictions and
following market shrinkage.

Strategy of geographic diversification
and thorough monitoring of information
about possible changes in the policies on
regulating blockchain technologies across
key markets.

3/4

1/4

Delays in the development
of the Ubex Beta version for
initial public release.

Expansion of developer staff and transfer
of development of non-key modules to
outsourced studios and contractors.

2/4

2/4

Decrease in advertising
budgets on the market
as a result of negative
macroeconomic conditions

Flexible redistribution of marketing budgets
by taking into account actual forecasts
on digital advertising budgets in key
geographic areas.

2/4

1/4

Attempts at tricking the
Real-time analysis of automatically revealed
neural network algorithm by patterns of suspicious activities on the part
increasing ratings through
of participants.
deal imitation.

1/4

2/4

UBEX Token liquidity
decrease as a result of
unprecedented price hikes.

1/4

1/4

Increasing Token fragmentation and
creation of a stabilizing fund from part of
the commissions.

50

Legal Considerations (L)
Legal implications with UBEX Tokens
UBEX Tokens are blockchain Tokens, which are digital Tokens created on a blockchain as part of a
decentralized software protocol. UBEX Tokens are crypto-Tokens issued on the Ethereum platform
on the basis of an ERC20 standard contract. UBEX Tokens are payment Tokens designed to support
transactions on the Ubex platform. Ubex do not grant their holder ownership or equity in the Company
or the right to participate in the control, direction, or decision making of the Company. Individuals,
businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits of acquiring
UBEX Tokens. We make no promises with respect to the future performance or value of UBEX Tokens,
including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that
UBEX Tokens will not decrease in value or hold any particular value. UBEX Tokens are nonrefundable.
Ubex purchasers shall accept sole and exclusive risk for the purchase of the UBEX Tokens and
shall recognize that the Ubex platform is currently in development and may undergo significant
changes. Please refer to the risks associated with Ubex acquisition in the relevant section of our
Terms and Conditions. This concept is fundamental to the objective of the Ubex platform - to spread
cryptocurrency to the global economy.

Limitations on purchasing and using UBEX
Tokens. US Legal Limitations
In July 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ruled that some Tokens can be considered as
securities and are thereby subject to the agency’s regulation. The ruling followed an SEC investigation
into a German corporation, backing a group called The DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization),
that raised $150 million on its ICO. The DAO issued coins that were used to pursue an automated
contribution strategy, which entitled Token owners to receive rewards similar to dividends. For more
details https://www.sec.gov/litigation/investreport/34-81207.pdf.
The SEC also forced Protostarr, a decentralized application allowing content creators to receive
funding from fans and contributors in return for channel earnings, to shut down midway through its
Token Sale.
By offering dividends and profit-sharing, these companies were clearly offering a security and failed
the Howey Test created by the US Supreme Court to evaluate securities.

51

Under the Howey Test, a transaction is a contribution contract if:
- It is a contribution of funds.
- There is an expectation of profits from the contribution.
- The contribution of money is in a common enterprise.
- Any profit that comes from the efforts of a promoter or third party to determine whether
certain transactions qualify as “contribution contracts.”
UBEX is a payment Token used to pay for Ubex platform services. UBEX Tokens are not linked to real
assets and do not grant their holders ownership of any share of the company or any dividends. As
such, UBEX Tokens cannot be construed as securities and pass the Howey Test as:
•
•
•
•
•

•

UBEX Tokens are not to be purchased with expectation of profit on potential appreciation.
UBEX Tokens do not represent a common enterprise, as the Ubex platform is operational
prior to offers on contributions.
UBEX Tokens shall be purchased by affiliates, publishers and other network participants or
their service providers to pre-purchase services on the Ubex platform.
UBEX Tokens do not represent a contribution contract with an expectation of profits from the
entrepreneurial or managerial efforts of others.
UBEX Tokens are not intended for contribution or currency speculation and Ubex reserves
the right to refuse to sell its Tokens to any purchaser that does not prove a bona fide intent of
purchasing the Tokens for their intended purpose.
All contributions decisions are made directly by the holder of UBEX Tokens, independent of
other holders of UBEX Tokens or the Management of the Ubex platform.

Canada, Singapore and Hong Kong Legal
Limitations
Singapore, Canada and Hong Kong have all imposed legal limitations on Token Sales. In July 2017, the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) stated that Tokens fall under its jurisdiction if they “constitute
products regulated under the Securities and Futures Act.” Some offers may be subject to the SFA,
while others may not. All issuers of digital Tokens, intermediaries facilitating or advising on an offer of
digital Tokens and platforms facilitating trading in digital Tokens should, therefore, seek independent
legal advice to ensure they comply with all applicable laws and consult MAS where appropriate,” as
stated by MAS officials.
In August 2017, the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) released notice 46-307 to initial coin
offerings (ICOs) referring to the Howey Test for determining if a Token falls under the definition of a
security.

52

Early in September 2017, the Hong Kong financial regulator, the Securities and Futures Commission
(SFS), announced that Tokens issued via ICOs may be classified as securities.
Similar to the US, citizens and residents of Canada, Singapore and Hong Kong can use UBEX Tokens to
pay for platform services or exchange them for other crypto Tokens not linked to assets (e.g. Bitcoin,
Ether etc.).

South Korea (The Republic of Korea) Legal
Limitations
At the end of September 2017, South Korean financial regulators prohibited domestic companies
from participating in initial coin offerings. The Management of Ubex reserves the right to stop offering
Ubex in South Korea if its financial regulator prohibits the participation of South Korean residents and
citizens in offshore Token Sales.

Legal implications of smart contract execution
UBEX Tokens are issued on the basis of a smart contract on a blockchain platform. A smart contract
is a digital instrument for the discharge via a programming algorithm. Ubex smart contracts shall
fully comply with the laws applicable in their respect and shall ensure compliance with the legal
requirements pertaining to the confidentiality of information.

Data protection
The sale and purchase of UBEX Tokens on the Ubex platform may require the provision of personal
data. Personal data is information used to identify an individual. Examples of personal data collected
may include names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and fax numbers. Personal data
may be obtained in a number of ways, including application via the project website, correspondence,
telephone and fax and email. We ensure personal data protection through the implementation of an
internal Privacy Policy and compliance with the Terms of Use. Generally, an individual is entitled to
require a bank, where they concluded any transaction aimed at the removal of any data regarding such
transaction from the banking system. Blockchain does not allow deleting data about any transactions
concluded. As such, any user conducting transactions via blockchain connected with the purchase
and/or disposal of UBEX Tokens shall represent and warrant that they realize the above facts and
shall provide a waiver renouncing their right to require removal of any such data from the blockchain.
We place significant emphasis on managing possible legal and regulatory risks and work in close
partnership with a very reputable international law firm to protect our users.

53

KYC and anti-fraud
We pay serious attention to know-your client and anti-fraud issues in order to provide our customers
and cryptocurrency holders with a transparent business model that is safe and involves minimal risk.
In order to ensure that our services are not utilized by illegal elements to further their criminal motives,
we intend to facilitate our operations by means of (i) obtaining sufficient information about our clients
and verifying customer identity; (ii) conducting ongoing due diligence operations taking place on Ubex
platform; (iii) highlighting suspicious customers and operations.

54

References
01.

https://www.magnaglobal.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/MAGNA-December-GlobalForecast-Update-Press-Release-1.pdf

02.

https://image.slidesharecdn.com/magnaglobalglobalforecastspr06162014-150702221934-lva1app6892/95/magna-global-advertising-forecasts-global-advertising-market-06162014-10-638.
jpg?cb=1435875588

03.

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/new-magna-report-programmatic-goes-mainstream-vincentletang/

04.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoWAcb_s1JA&feature=youtu.be

05.

http://www.dentsuaegisnetwork.com/danadspend2017

06.

https://www.incapsula.com/blog/bot-traffic-report-2016.html

07.

https://www.juniperresearch.com/press/press-releases/ad-fraud-to-cost-advertisers-$19-billionin-2018

08.

http://www.adweek.com/digital/iab-study-says-26-desktop-users-turn-ad-blockers-172665/

09.

https://www.iabuk.com/press-release/15-britons-online-are-blocking-ads

10.

https://adtagmacros.blogspot.ru/2014/10/the-display-advertising-technology.html

11.

http://hispanicad.com/sites/default/files/m1_7.gif

12.

https://www.zenithmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Adspend-forecasts-June-2017executive-summary.pdf

13.

http://www.advertology.ru/article135969.htm

14.

http://www.media-marketing.com/en/news/social-media-ads-to-hit-us50bn-in-2019/

15.

http://kenshoo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/regional-digital-ad-spend.png

16.

http://www.webhostingreviewsbynerds.com/wp-content/plugins/rss-poster/cache/90aa5_
emarketer-top-5-countries-ranked-by-total-media-digital-and-mobile-internet-adspending-2015-182885.jpg

17.

http://www.advertology.ru/article135969.htm

18.

https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/

55

Follow and contact us
on social media

Ubex

Twitter

Facebook

Telegram

Medium

YouTube

Reddit

Bitcointalk

GitHub

WeChat

Kakao Talk

LinkedIn

56

