UGCHAIN
Decentralized Game Account System

Content

1 Overview ..................................................................................................................... 3
1.1 Overall System Upgrades ................................................................................. 4
1.2 What Are the Important Components of The DAS System? ........................... 5
1.3 Why Upgrade ugChain's Ecosystem? ............................................................... 7
1.4 What Are the Characteristics of The New DAS Decentralized Account System?
................................................................................................................................ 8
2 ugChain Ecosystem ..................................................................................................... 9
2.1 The Decentralized Game Account System Is Superior to The Traditional
Channel .................................................................................................................. 9
2.2 Game Distribution Channel: Boolu ................................................................ 10
2.3 Community Voting ......................................................................................... 11
2.4 Game Account Transaction ............................................................................ 11
2.5 Games and Game-like Scene Recharge, Props Purchase .............................. 12
2.6 Game Battle Platform: Carry .......................................................................... 12
2.7 E-sports Extension Industry ........................................................................... 13
2.7.1 E-sports League: WUGL / UGL. ........................................................... 14
2.7.2 E-Sports Team: Pan Entertainment E-Sports women’s group ............ 14
2.7.3 E-sports Hall: T-UG E-sports Hall......................................................... 14
3 Governance Architecture of ugChain – Power of Community ................................. 14
3.1 Power Is Attributable to The Community ...................................................... 14
3.2 The Rights of ugChain Community................................................................. 15
4 Peripheral Ecosystem of ugChain ............................................................................. 15
4.1 UG Wallet APP................................................................................................ 15
5 ugChain Team and Advantages................................................................................. 16
5.1 ugChain’s Advantages .................................................................................... 16
5.2 ugChain Team ................................................................................................ 16
6 Summary ................................................................................................................... 21

1 Overview
After a two-month collaboration adjustment, ugChain formally completes the
integration with a well-known Japanese game team led by Andy. The integrated new
project will continue to retain the ugChain brand. It has completed registration with
the Singapore Nonprofit Foundation Organization: UGCHAIN FOUNDATION LTD., and
issued the new cryptocurrency UGC. The new ugChain using fund management
model, relying on ugChain Singapore Foundation, composed of China, Japan and the
United Kingdom team, is the world's leading blockchain project. ugChain uses the
double-blockchain mechanism, which fits decentralized application of ecosystem and
ease of use principles to support eco-participants in various countries and regions to
establish the main application. The participants can share benefits brought by UGC's
leading blockchain technology, ugChain will also expand the global market, promote
innovation in the blockchain industry, and then benefit all community members.
As an ecosystem consisting of a series of decentralized applications, the core of
ugChain is a decentralized account system (DAS) based on blockchain technology.
The system has built-in exclusive token UG Token (UGC), which simultaneously has
the equity attribute and monetary attribute.
Primary goal of ugChain’s establishment is to build “UG blockchain”, leading global
coverage of decentralized game industry ecosystem with the ultimate goal to reach a
great quantity, strong influence of decentralized account balance system, solve most
of the problems existing in the current centralized applications. After six months of
continuous development, ugChain completed the preliminary resource integration
and application construction for the gaming platform, and is about to enter the
critical period of application promotion and ecological chain construction.
The ugChain team has developed a comprehensive talent system in the field of
cryptography and blockchain technology for more than two years, which is a pioneer
in the implementation of blockchain solution. ugChain research team analyzed the
public blockchain, consortium blockchain, atomic transactions across the blockchain,
side blockchain and a series of blockchain technology. Finally, a more practical
blockchain scheme was selected, and a set of technical systems integrating the
advantages of the public blockchain and consortium blockchain was designed which
turned out to be the decentralized account system (DAS)
The overall architecture of ugChain adds great optimization and improvement on top
of the existing application ecosystem architecture. It will also achieve a greater fit

between the landing application that have gradually entered the large-scale
application phase and fulfill the requirements of players, thus making ugChain
become a pioneer in the cryptocurrency industry integrating blockchain with gaming
industry, and achieve the goal of truly accepting and unimpeded use of blockchain by
crypto users and others.
ugChain firstly applied in the game industry to build a game ecological solution
jointly with well-known Chinese game companies such as 360 and Hoolai, the
application scenarios include game distribution channels, game account trading,
game recharge, virtual commodity purchase, competition, host league,
crowdfunding, community, and so on.
ugChain Community is a user autonomy organization, where community members
holding the UGC vote decide material affairs of the community, the UGC shares
represent voting right, and the UGC holders exercise the supreme power of the
community through voting.

1.1 Overall System Upgrades
1) Double Blockchain Mode Upgraded.
Improved the system efficiency of ugChain and expanding properties, expanded the
use of the application scenario and the user threshold, will achieve the perfect
combination of absolute fairness and decentralization of public chain with
universality and simplicity of consortium blockchain.
2) UGC Global Eco-Developer Program.
ugChain is gradually expanding the overseas team. Team is focusing on encouraging
the global blockchain enthusiasts and industry game developers into UG global
ecological construction in the research, together with many professional game
developers working with UG, we have completed the strategic objectives of the
global decentralized game industry, the program has been effective now.
3) Management Mechanism Upgraded.
Based on the main body of UG overseas foundation, we have improved the fund
management mechanism, established a perfect cooperation system with operation
and development teams around the world and set up foundation committee.

Members of the community selection committee will be selected by members of the
foundation committee to develop and implement the UG development strategy, and
introduce various professional consultants to participate in the management and
development.
4) Coordinated Development of The Industry.
ugChain foundation will continue to encourage, support and investment access to
the industry applications of UG ecosystem, global application developers.
Manufacturers are encouraged to use UG ecosystem to give full play to the
advantages of various technical features in the decentralized and double blockchain
mode of UG, improve the application system, innovate the pain point of the industry
and promote the steady expansion and vigorous development of UG ecosystem.

1.2 What Are the Important Components of The DAS System?

Figure 1.DAS

1） UGC Contract
It is Deployed in Ethereum, jointly maintained by all the nodes of the consortium. In
addition to the basic token functionality based on ERC-20 Contract, new features are

added for tokens and DAS Account contracts, including freezon and thaw. The
thawing operation is performed by the agent of the consortium node and charges a
fee in the DAS Account Contract to prevent cyberattacks.
Besides, it adds Owners Management System, both consortium nodes and other
community leaders, can act as the owner of UGC Contract, contribute to the
double-blockchain token transfer, and earn a fee. Owner Management System has a
complete self-management system, community can add owners by majority vote
and also remove any owner. This function is similar to that of the electoral
mechanism of the Authority and brings democratic fairness while makes the system
healthier and safer.
2） DAS Account Contract
DAS Account Contract is a smart Contract that is deployed on the consortium, which
realizes the user Account management, the token circulation of UGC contract and
owner reward function. By interacting with UGC Contract for equal proportion, the
constant volume of tokens is realized and the economic system of DAS system is
stable.
In the DAS Account Contract, users can use these tokens via UG wallets or other
applications that access the DAS, such as game prop exchange, game Account
trading, game play, and so on. Users can easily transfer the tokens from the DAS
Account Contract to UGC Contract, and realize the interaction with exchanges,
common wallets and other platforms.
3） DAS API Contract
ugChain built a suite of smart contract solutions for the gaming industry based on the
BaaS platform to provide underlying services for developing and deploying various
gaming applications.
4） BaaS Platform
Based on long-term experience in the direction of the consortium blockchain
technology, UgChain team independent research and development the BaaS chain
platform, it will block chain system, operating system and underlying hardware
abstraction as an independent service unit, to provide convenient system
construction, operation, maintenance and other services to the members of
consortium blockchain node, such as game manufacturer.

Figure 2.BaaS Platform

1.3 Why Upgrade ugChain's Ecosystem?

ugChain has pragmatic attitude, from the perspective of quick landing and a new
change in game ecosystem, a decentralized account system based on Ethereum and
consortium blockchain is selected.
If the application system totally relies on public blockchain, it can make good use of
the decentralization and non-tampering characteristics of blockchain, but the
present stage of the public blockchain technology is difficult to support the
development of game business. And the application based on the public blockchain
technology is widely used in the application of poor usability and high cost, which
can easily cause use disorders and influence the access of large scale users.
ugChain team studied various blockchain technology resources, and chose the
consortium blockchain technology for “Carry”; ugChain's business system, and the
combination of the system based on Ethereum, which not only retains the
characteristics of the blockchain decentralization, tamper-resistant and irreversibility,
but also the combination of system based on etheric building, which retains the
characteristics of blockchain decentralization; such as tamper-resistant,
irreversibility etc.,

This initiative will be more convenient for the general public who don't understand
cryptocurrencies and motivate them to use our application. It also enables more and
more global technology developers and partners to access the UG ecosystem and
share the dividends of the development of blockchain technology. We believe that
the comprehensive expansion of application scope will bring sustainable and high
potential value return to UGC.

Figure 3. ugChain Ecosystem

1.4 What Are the Characteristics of The New DAS Decentralized Account
System?
Notable changes: constant volume, license access, easy to use, safe, user-friendly
1) The closest to the traditional scheme of speed for transfer to public blockchain,
real ability to carry the game application of the relevant business blockchain system,
zero commission;
2) Meet multicenter character of the games business (large-scale game publishers),
The practice proves that the original decentralized chain system is not suitable for
the application of blockchain in the real industry, and the threshold is too high for
ordinary users.

3) The pure public blockchain is difficult to achieve perfect coordination between
decentralization, security and blockchain consumption;
4) Use Ethereum to issue tokens and support two-way circulation and anchor the
value of DAS economic system, asset management and transaction convenience will
be greatly improved;

2 ugChain Ecosystem
2.1 The Decentralized Game Account System Is Superior to The
Traditional Channel
The blockchain technology can realize open, equitable community autonomy of the
decentralized organization with the help of smart contract which is open and
transparent. The autonomous operation of the DAS organization can streamline
steps of the traditional game distribution process, particularly game account system.
DAS (Decentralized Account System) is based on Ethereum (The UG Token Contract),
and consortium blockchain (Consortium Blockchain Smart Contract). Traditional
channels save all account information of users in the centralized server. Instead, the
DAS saves all information in the blockchain network, and the globally equivalent
blockchain node protect the security of the system, there is no authoritative node.
Smart contracts can replace the traditional centralized service providers to achieve
an open and fair "autonomy" for decentralized organizations. In the ugChain
ecosystem, the player's corresponding identity account and owned assets flow in the
blockchain, and DAS decentralized account system is the underlying support for all
kinds of real scenarios.
When applied to the game distribution channel, game account, props and other
virtual asset transaction scenarios, the ugChain can resolve a series of problems
including high cost of game distribution channel, long time of traditional game
account and prop transaction processing, lack of mutual confidence between seller
and buyer, and high risk in transaction. At the same time, the decentralization
feature of the Ethereum and the automatic performance of the smart contract that
can enhance the openness, fairness and equality of e-sports events and allow more
players to participate in and free them from worries.

2.2 Game Distribution Channel: Boolu
ugChain is an open platform that offers a variety of contract programs to facilitate
active participants in the gaming community as channel operators, they can access
to the games that they wanted, and then maintain their users, obtain corresponding
gainsharing while users download and reload, etc. The access games can be
distributed at the distribution center provided by the UG service provider. Any
participant that holding the UG account can set up an independent channel based on
the services provided by the platform to build its own promotional gainsharing
system.
1) Boutique niche game recommendation allow users to rate so that other players
can find good games according to the rank. Boolu directly bidding for the industry's
first community-based channel distribution platform Taptap (released for 2 years
and currently valued about 2 billion), Boolu’s competitive advantage is that it adds a
six-dimensional scoring model to the content recommendation in the community.
2) Boolu will work with many well-known game developers and ecosystem
developers all over the world together to create a series of blockchain-based game
applications (similar to Cryptokitties,and has been jointly developed, please stay
tuned)
3) Boolu will serve as a third-party platform that link the independent games and
players. Players provide crowd funding support for their supported games and the
game will return supporters with reasonable feedback to achieve the win-win
situation. For the development of the independent game industry, it can provide
games for the necessary funds and manpower support to realize the development of
boutique game while ensure the quality of the game.
4) In the future, Boolu will also engage with other game manufacturers to achieve
absolute competitive advantage in exclusive debut, allowing gamers to have new
games anytime.
5) More importantly, the game distribution SDK function of Boolu is also being
designed to realize ultimate goal --- "Everyone is a game distributor."

2.3 Community Voting
Any UGC holder can initiate a proposal in the ugChain community. Proposals must be
in accordance with the direction of development of the community. The result of
joint proposals voted on by the entire community.
According to the time of the proposal launched, the latest block status will be
regarded as UGC share reference standard. The more UGC holders hold, the larger
holders voting weight.

2.4 Game Account Transaction
Under the traditional transaction mode, inter-player transactions will be processed
by the third-party service provider who will confirm the game asset of the seller,
connect the accounts of both the seller and the buyer to transfer the account and
fund, and collect a fee. This centralized transaction mode is vulnerable to fraud from
buyer or seller. The game asset transaction industry is now growing quickly, but the
centralized transaction mode has hindered the industry development due to fraud
risk, long transaction time and other disadvantages.

Figure 4. Traditional Transaction Process

Figure 5. ugChain Transaction Process

The game asset owned by game player can be registered with the blockchain to
correspond to the player’s address. Therefore, the user can transfer the game asset
safely and quickly through the smart contract. For the transfer of game asset
controlled by the smart contract, the transaction process will become more
transparent, convenient and secure, and the transaction result will be irreversible
and permanently traceable.

2.5 Games and Game-like Scene Recharge, Props Purchase
The users can recharge in game, purchase props and do other operations with the
ugChain platform. The recharge and other processes involving token payment and
transfer of game asset will be performed through the smart contract. The prop
trading will be supported with the asset endorsement from the game carrier. The
asset is transferred based on the contract through the blockchain. The contract
performance will simultaneously realize the gainsharing to the channel operator, and
everybody can become the channel operator. It’s suitable for many areas such as
games, broadcast reward, paid reading, ugChain has strategic partners in these
areas.

2.6 E-sports Battle Platform: Carry
Carry is a point-to-point mobile game battle platform, a battle platform that gamers
can customize the settings on the gambling conditions and win the prize pool,
supporting a variety of mobile games including King of Glory.

Function Description: One player sets the conditions of gambling, launches a battle
on the platform and can also directly invite friends to participate or automatically
match gamers of the platform to participate in. Battle types can be choosing, the
platform set the entertainment competition, bonuses together. Besides, after the
game, it will automatically generate the results of battles and present fun and
interesting results, also stimulate users to share it.
(1) Players can organize competitions on the blockchain at any time and Carry
supports 1 Vs. 1 and large league mode. Anyone can organize, participate in and
launch various games on the platform. The participants do not pass through any
third-party agencies, Carry aims to build a worldwide universal decentralized gaming
platform.
(2) Carry aims to the global game players and break the national boundaries, users of
any country can launch a competition on the platform, the game process and
competition results monitored by the platform to ensure that unfamiliar players can
compete fairly.
(3) To ensure the authenticity and impartiality of the competition, Carry has
established a complete third-party tournament management mechanism. The
platform will monitor the competition throughout the game. When contestants
disagree with the assessment results, they can upload the screenshots of the
competition, the composition of the "cloud referee" will review the results of the
competition again to confirm the judgment is correct.
(4) Innovative use of smart contracts. Carry innovatively uses blockchain smart
contracts to bring the blockchain decentralized autonomy and distributed sharing of
collaboration into the game to make it merge with the competitive spirit of online
games and is expected to form an open autonomous, mutual trust and security
based on the value of exchange-style gaming platform ecosystem.

2.7 E-sports Extension Industry
Point-to-point competition on the blockchain, offline league, team training and live,
these four dimensions expand the vitality of the game to create sub-ecstasy e-sports
industry.

2.7.1 E-sports League: WUGL / UGL.
INTRODUCTION: independent league IP, e-sports league serve as the broadcast part
of e-sports section. Organized by the league, the community can aggregate a large
number of gamers. Online leagues carry out on the platform "Carry" while offline
leagues held around the world,The leagues use UGC as bonus pools, the number of
UGC holders and the circulation of the scene will expand simultaneously.
2.7.2 E-Sports Team: Pan Entertainment E-Sports women’s group
INTRODUCTION: As an integral part of UG e-sports ecosystem, the pan
entertainment e-sports team is relying on the background resources of Wanda
Games and Hoolai Games which can realize good operation by itself. The fan effect
of the women's teams will also continue to expand. The UGC reward, fans
community transformation will also actually expand the UGC circulation scene.
2.7.3 E-sports Hall: T-UG E-sports Hall
INTRODUCTION: Get through online and offline traffic, cover tens of millions of
gamers, T-UG e-sports hall is an important part of UG closed-loop game ecosystem,
the e-sports hall includes gaming experience base, peripheral e-commerce, game
player recreation, social networking and other content.

3 Governance Architecture of ugChain – Power of Community
3.1 Power Is Attributable to The Community
The supreme power of the ugChain is attributable to all users of the community.

The ugChain Community is formed by all UGC holders, serves as the supreme
authority of the ugChain and establishes a foundation to exercise daily management
functions. Users of the ugChain Community can vote to participate in community
management and exercise their rights.

3.2 The Rights of ugChain Community
1. Establish the Community Management Foundation, formulate and revise the
articles of association of the ugChain Foundation;
2. The ugChain Community can vote to select the members of the foundation, and
establish the council;
3. The ugChain Community can vote to decide the development direction and
iteration of the ugChain ecosystem;
4. Vote to decide the appointment and dismissal of the Chairman and the Vice
Chairman. A resolution will be validated when the voting rights reach two thirds or
more of the total with voting rights;
5. The ugChain Foundation will accept the annual audit of the community, and an
external audit firm will assess and audit the foundation as to operation, potential risk
and other areas. The employees of the standing departments will accept annual
performance evaluation covering daily community operation, foundation
management, community coordination and other works.

4 Peripheral Ecosystem of ugChain
4.1 UG Wallet APP
UG wallet app is a blockchain asset management wallet, blockchain assets can be
transferred into and out, including UGC and ETH, is also a token management tool
app for users; Besides, wallet app is a player autonomous community, users can
participate in community voting, discussions, etc. The wallet has the balance
management function which can realize the replenishment of blockchain asset
transfer now, it will also add the CNY purchasing function later.

5 ugChain Team and Advantages
5.1 ugChain’s Advantages
In 2016, ugChain received a joint investment from Legend Capital, Sequoia Capital,
Zero2IPO Venture and Cyberagent.
So far, ugChain has gained more than 500 large and medium game carriers in China
(the lineup keeps growing). At present, ugChain cooperates with these carriers
through traditional channels and will directly migrate to the ugChain channel after
product launch.
ECG, a famous e-sports carrier, has joined the ugChain family in advance and has
achieved a comprehensive strategic cooperation.
The DAS has reach cooperation intentions with a number of paid reading channels
who will use UG program to decentralized marketing system promotion.
ugChain maintains good relations with upstream and downstream game companies
under Tencent and Alibaba.
Get recognition of Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China
leadership and the National Standardization Management Committee.
Have smooth access to funding, the founders cooperate cross-border, the core team
is experienced.

5.2 ugChain Team
In 2016, ugChain has completed the applications of the hyperdger-based blockchain
in the fund industry and has a mature application development experience of
blockchain technology.
ugChain’s major founders have successfully started their own business in the
Internet industry and worked as senior executives in the financial investment
industry. As well, ugChain has attracted senior executives from domestic large game
companies and multinational corporations to join; The UG team has assembled
excellent talents from several areas, including blockchain, cryptology, virtual
currency community, Internet information security, finance and gaming service.
Below are major members of the ugChain team and their experiences:

Yang Zhang
He is a co-founder of ugChain, a core architect and the whitepaper writer, he is the
top blockchain technology expert and has a forward-looking vision in blockchain
technology. He graduated with information security degree and started to research
bitcoin in 2012. He is focusing on the development of cryptocurrency and blockchain
technology. In early 2015, he co-founded the UG blockchain and was responsible for
advancing the overall project.
Peter He
He is the COO of ugChain, also a strategist and direction leader of eco-construction.
He is the core founding member of Chinese domestic large-scale gaming league
platform; He entered the field of consumer finance and founded a well-known
consumer finance platform which access to the top VC investment institutions;
Besides, he participated in a number of consumer finance projects as an angel
investor.
Binghua Wu
Founder of ugChain and a veteran in the Internet industry. In 2005, he founded a
website called “I want treasure”, which specializes in entertainment, game and
electronic commerce, and was finally acquired by a business group after seed, angel
and round A investments. In 2012, he started engaging in financial investment and
tutored several companies wanting to launch the IPO in the entire process. In 2013,
he started watching Bitcoin and blockchain industry. In March 2015, he founded the
ugChain team and was dedicated to the application of blockchain technology.
Chen Hongbin
Chen worked in Sina Games, Amoy Mobile Games and other top domestic game
companies and served as technical team leader. He has 12 years’ experience of game,
now he is the leader of ugChain technical team.
Kinna Lee
She is mainly responsible for project financial risk control management and
commercial application. Bachelor degree and master degree from Nottingham
university (International business and marketing major). Kinna has been the core
management of well-known Banks in China; With rich experience in investment and
financing industry, she has long been engaged in equity investment and enterprise
financial services, and has profound mastery and understanding of international
financial markets.

Andy Chou
Head of Japanese overseas division. Andy has a rich experience in Internet industry
and entrepreneurship. He has been major positions in Japanese search engine
companies, SNS and gaming companies. The company he once ran has the China
distribution authority and IP authorization of the world's leading Japanese mobile
game Monster Strike, and has successfully launched the world market.
Yueyang Chen
Head of technology in Japan division. 15 years of experience in IT & Internet industry,
established EBusiness (IT company) and cloudofliberty (enterprise cloud solutions) in
China and Japan. Project achievements include: lead the team to complete the core
system development of Japanese Mizuho Corporate Bank (referred to as the world's
most complex systems development); Use AWS and Salesforce to provide customer
management and business assistance to enterprise users, and help hundreds of
customers to build a large data analysis system to improve their service level.
Mighil Puthukkudy
Mainly responsible for the overseas operations at ugChain. Blockchain technology
enthusiast and web strategist. He is independently responsible for multiple projects;
applying his rich experience in the field of international operation strategy, business
development, planning and development of future strategic development goals.

Advisory of ugChain :
Nobuaki Kitagawa
Mr.Kitagawa is the ugChain mentor of project development planning , providing a
wealth of industry resources and investment to ugChain.
Mr.Kitagawa is responsible for all of the company's investments in China, Taiwan,
SEA and Korea. Since joining to CyberAgent Ventures（CAV) in 2006, Nobuaki has led
international expansion from no investment outside Japan then to more than 40
overseas investments including Tudou.com(CN), Vatgia(VN), Tokopedia(IDN) and
Kakao(KR). Prior to CAV he had more than 10 years' experience in the telecom
industry working for Japan's NTT DoCoMo. Graduated from Hitotsubashi University
in Japan with a major in Economics and Georgetown University in the United States
with MBA.

Zhou Kui
Mr.Zhou is a partner to Sequoia Capital China. In 1989, he graduated from Wuhan
University of Technology with a bachelor’s degree in science. In 2000, he graduated
with a master’s degree in electric automation from Tsinghua University. As a partner
of Sequoia Capital China, he joined Sequoia Capital in 2005. As the Senior Vice
President, he takes charge of SinoCom investments, Skyinfo, Kaitone and
PonymediaWorksoft at the VC firm.

Ni Zhengdong
Mr. Ni is the founder, Chairman and CEO of Zero2IPO Group. Over the past decade,
he has led his team to build Zero2IPO Group into the most influential service
institution relating to venture capital and private equity service in China. He is
reputed as the “person possessing the most comprehensive information in China’s
venture capital market” and also praised as “one of the young representatives in
China’s venture capital circle”.

Zhang Lin
.He is Executive Director of Legend Capital.Zhang joined Union Capital in 2008 which
is the predecessor of Legend Capital, served as investment manager, vice president
of investment and director. He currently serves as Executive Director of Legend
Capital, focusing on early investment opportunities in TMT and modern services. He
has rich experience in investment in TMT and modern service. His leading
investment projects include Pudding Hotel, Yun Da Express, CheWang, Youxinpai and
so on. He holds the master's degree in engineering from Xi'an University of
Electronic Science and Technology and an international MBA from China Economic
Research Center, Peking University.

Wang Wei
Mr. Wang is the early investors of ugChain who brought a host of resources to the
ugChain for the gaming industry events.
He is the chairman of Beijing Mingzhi Hongfengcai Sports Science and Technology
Co., Ltd. (referred to as: Ming Sports 838802), member of Tsinghua Entrepreneurs
Association,executive of AAMA Yajie Chamber of Commerce ,partner of Yajie Angel
Investment ,member of Democratic National Construction Association
Zhongguancun branch ,he is an experienced person in the internet and mobile

internet industry. The "PingCo" mobile entertainment community, which was
founded by him, has gotten tens of millions of dollars by GSR and DCM. He also
founded the "Jing Cai 258" website, which is currently the largest competition lottery
community platform in China and provides gaming entertainment services to over 50
million senior fans nationwide; Besides, he participated in the internet finance
business such as Qingdao Financial Asset Exchange, Tianjin Meitong Commercial
Factoring Company and "Salary Bao" financial platform.

Qiao Wanli
Mr. Qiao is one of the founders of Hoolai (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. In 2001, he
started working at a research institute under the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In
2008, he started his second career and developed social games as an outsider. His
first game Hoolai Hotel enjoyed good word of mouth on Renren.com. In 2010, he left
the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 2011, he developed the Hoolai Three Kingdoms,
the first strategic social game launched on the Tencent platform. The game attracted
as many as 10 million active users every day and made a good income exceeding 100
million Yuan.

Liu Shiru
Mr. Liu brings ugChain a lot of game industry resources.
He is the chairman and CEO of Zhangshangzongheng Information And Technology
(Beijing) Co., Ltd established in 2010 which is a video game copyright operators and
distributors of China.

Zhou Shuoji
Mr. Zhou is the ugChain Foundation director and the founder of Fengtai blockchain
investment, blockchain cryptocurrency senior industry experts, he worked for IBM.

Hou Zhuo
Mr. Hou holds a MBA degree conferred by Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology and has more than 10 years of experience in technology, venture capital
and investment areas. He is now the partner to Qichen Fund and used to be a VP of
Legend Capital and partner of Firestone Capital.

6 Summary
Technology drives change, the upgrade of the ugChain system will promote the
applications of blockchain technology to reach new heights. The double blockchain
model not only makes good use of the features of blockchain including
decentralization, disintermediation, traceability and irreversibility, but also enables
Ethereum to embed smart contracts to automate the transaction.
It also uses consortium blockchain to solve some weaknesses of public blockchain
applications.
The value of tokens is supported by the tokens transfer powered by the applications
of blockchain technology, ugChain is committed to creating a game ecosystem based
on blockchain technology that allows gamers and blockchain enthusiasts to enjoy the
technological change. At the same time, while focusing on the development of
blockchain technology, ugChain will continue to explore the game applications,
create an absolutely competitive gaming application platform in the game industry,
accelerate the blockchain industry development and the gaming industry while
driving changes.

