Unlimited IP White Paper

-1-

Unlimited IP White Paper

White Paper on the Future Copyright UIP

Contents
Preface ............................................................................................................ - 4 1. Blockchain & Entertainment Market Background ........................................... - 5 1.1 Brief Discussion of Blockchain ............................................................................. - 5 1.1.1 Blockchain: The 2.0 Era .......................................................................................... - 5 1.1.2 Market Potential .................................................................................................... - 7 1.1.3 The Application Scope of Blockchain ..................................................................... - 8 1.1.4 The Technological Forerunners of Blockchain ....................................................... - 9 1.2 The Entertainment Industry: Development and Shackles ...................................... - 9 1.2.1 The Size of Young-User Market Is Significant to The Development of Enterprises- 10
1.2.2 The Importance of Developing Markets Is Apparent .......................................... - 11 1.2.3 The Mature Markets Remain Their Essentiality .................................................. - 13 1.2.4 The Chinese Market Achieves Full-scale Development ....................................... - 14 1.2.5 The Globalized Entertainment Enterprises Are Facing Great Challenges............ - 16 1.2.6 The Traditional Stereotyped Habits Still Exist ...................................................... - 16 -

2. Insights on Blockchain & Pan-Entertainment Industry .................................. - 17 2.1 The Combined Power of Blockchain & Pan-Entertainment .................................. - 18 2.2 The Smart Business Landscape of Entertainment IP ............................................ - 20 2.2.1 Copyright Protection............................................................................................ - 22 2.2.2 Content-based Sales on Entertainment Products ............................................... - 22 2.2.3 Precise Publicity of Digital Ads............................................................................. - 23 2.2.4 The Privately-owned Entertainment IP Sharing Era ............................................ - 23 -

3. The Smart Trading Market for Entertainment IP Copyright ............................ - 15 3.1 Brief Introduction of the Smart IP Trading Market .............................................. - 24 3.2 Theoretical Basis of Products on the Market ...................................................... - 26 3.2.1 The “Silent” Spiral Theory .................................................................................... - 27 3.2.2 The Transboundary-based IP Smart Trading Theory—MECE Analysis ................ - 28 3.2.3 The Derivative Process of IP: Principle of Voice Communication ........................ - 30 3.2.4 Cluster Analysis—Big-data Prediction: The Future Trend of Entertainment IP
Copyright Derivative Market......................................................................................... - 31 -

4. Team Members ........................................................................................... - 20 -2-

Unlimited IP White Paper

5. The Business Module of the Future Copyright Trading Platform .................... - 24 5.1 An Overall Observation of the Trading Platform ................................................. - 24 5.2 The Business Module of the Trading Platform .................................................... - 27 5.2.1 Level 1: Copyright Proof (only as proof, not for certification) ............................. - 27 5.2.2 Level 2: The Derivative Trading Function of IP (by vote of the Committee do
transactions go on the market) .................................................................................... - 28 5.2.3 Level 3: A good IP should be a digital collection for everyone who adores it ..... - 32 5.2.4 Level 4: Monopolize the IP Sharing Era ............................................................... - 34 5.3 The Autonomous Committee of the Trading Platform......................................... - 34 5.3.1 Certification Mechanism of IP Asset Rights ......................................................... - 34 5.3.2 Non-anonymous Verification Committee ............................................................ - 35 5.3.3 Vote for the IP Demands In the Case of Sharing IP ............................................. - 35 5.3.4 Governance Report .............................................................................................. - 35 -

6. The Business Model of the Future Copyright Trading Platform ...................... - 35 6.1 Digital Copyright Is Right ................................................................................... - 36 6.2 The Economic Model for Transaction and Dissociation on Digital Copyright Rights - 37
6.2.1 Build up Essential Principles for Economic Model............................................... - 37 6.2.2 Consensus Model For UIP Asset Transaction....................................................... - 39 6.3 Demonstrations of Business Scenarios ............................................................... - 41 -

7.Project Economy .......................................................................................... - 42 7.1 Industrial Value of UIP....................................................................................... - 43 7.2 Reward Mode ................................................................................................... - 42 7.3 Distribution of Tokens ....................................................................................... - 43 7.4 Proportion of Fund Spending............................................................................. - 45 -

8. Compliance and Information Disclosure ....................................................... - 46 9. Promotion and Visual Design ....................................................................... - 47 9.1 Logo Design ...................................................................................................... - 47 9.2 Video Shooting and Post Production .................................................................. - 52 9.3 Promotion of Resources .................................................................................... - 52 -

Reference........................................................................................................ - 55 Disclaimer ....................................................................................................... - 57 -

Last words
....................................................................................................................... - 61 -

-3-

Unlimited IP White Paper

Preface
During every technological innovation after the Industrial Revolution, it
seems that entertainment industry gradually falls behind the
development of era. As in this time, only the products like VR make the
public

feel

refreshing. However, compared to

the

subversive

development presented by other industries, the frequency of innovation
in the entertainment industry seems far lower than people’s expectation.
It is a historical necessity that the blockchain technology as the ladder
towards value Internet will eventually be integrated with the
entertainment industry. So many key problems in the information
Internet era, such as piracy, copyright use in confusion, difficulties for
intellectual property to liquidate, and the excessive length of supply
chain from input to output between entertainment creators and users,
will get effectively resolved under the blockchain technology. As the
new-generation infrastructure of the entertainment industry, the
“UnlimitedIP” (hereafter as UIP) will continue working on the basic
business functions like copyright evidence in the course of entertainment
creation, intellectual property asset transaction, intellectual property
dissociation and integration, etc. Meanwhile, UIP will explore a new
model that under the context of sharing economy, the ownership of
copyright is only owned by its original author, yet its usage right is shared
-4-

Unlimited IP White Paper

in a certain scope. We believe that, the UIP will revolutionize the whole
entertainment industry, subverting the intermediate media industry in
the course from creation to delivery, achieving a point-to-point,
disintermediated supplying model, and providing fans with the
opportunities to hold the IPs that they cherish. Our vision is to promote
the integrated development of scientific technology and entertainment
and fulfill the “New Renaissance” in this century.

1. The Background of Blockchain and Entertainment Market
1.1Brief Discussion of Blockchain

1.1.1 Blockchain: The 2.0 Era

Blockchain is, after steam engine, electricity, information and Internet
technology, the most potential core technology by far that can motivate
the fifth-round subversive technological revolution. Just like the steam
engine improving human productivity, the electricity resolving people’s
most essential life demands, and the information and Internet
technology utterly changing the business modes of traditional industries
-5-

Unlimited IP White Paper

(such as music and publishing), the blockchain technology will probably
bring about decentralized secure transference for digital assets.
“Blockchain” sounds as it is covered with sense of future and technology,
yet in fact, it is a distributed account book with decentralization.
Decentralization means all transactions happen on the point-to-point
level, without any need of credit intermediaries or centralized auditing
agencies. The distributed account book means when one transaction
happens, all of the participants on the chain will receive the information
on their own book. These transaction records are completely open to the
public, encrypted and non-tampering. It is based on the fact that the
blockchain technology has such features that when applied in various
situations, it will bring four main aspects and their meanings for the
participants as follows:

1. Eliminate the necessity of existence of transaction intermediary in order to lower
transaction cost: Due to the accomplishment of point-to-point transaction,
central processing or liquidation organization becomes excessive; as the
authentication of transaction is jointly certified and maintained by all the
participants on the blockchain, the credit intermediary as the third party has
therefore lost its existing value.
2. The settlement of transaction is nearly instantaneous, so this would raise the
transaction efficiency and therefore greatly improve asset utilization.
3. The non-tampering of the information on blockchain and the decentralized means
of data storage make it the best carrier of data and information records.

-6-

Unlimited IP White Paper

4. The programmable blockchain enables transaction process to be fully automatic:
the default transaction principles are inserted in blockchain, so when the
predefined conditions are achieved, the transaction would be automatically done.
This can raise the automatic level of transaction.

With the

problems of valued information dissemination

and

decentralization being solved, the blockchain technology is deemed to
be the most subversive technological innovation since the invention of
Internet, even honored as the “next generation of Internet”. More and
more enterprises have deeply understood the great power conceived in
the blockchain technology and so they actively carry out the industry
layout; in addition, the business application scenarios have also reached
more and more industries and fields.

1.1.2 Market Potential

The mention of market potential instead of value is because the
determined projects at the core of the blackchain technology are by far
very few. As far as the situation is concerned, most of the researches and
applications on the blockchain bottom technology platform are still
based on the accounting function. By the end of March 2016, there have
been 43 financial institutes around the world in the league association
-7-

Unlimited IP White Paper

named “R3CEV”. The first test of distributed account book will use the
Baas Technology from Azure of Ethereum and Microsoft cloud services.
With the development and expansion of the blockchain industry
ecosystem, it is believable that each industry will generate more
diversified blockchain-determined applications.

On the other hand, the Chinese government is also providing full support
towards the blockchain industry: since the end of 2015, China has
established the Blockchain Application Research Center (区块链应用研
究中心) in Beijing and Hangzhou, China Blockchain Industry League (中
国 区 块 链 产 业 联 盟 ) and Ganzhou Blockchain Industry Sandbox
Industrial Park (赣州区块链产业沙盒产业园).

1.1.3 The Application Scope of Blockchain

The “White Paper on Blockchain Technology and Its Application
Development in China (2016) ( 《中国区块链技术和应用发展白皮书
（2016）》)”issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information points out
that fields such as finance, supply chain, entertainment, smart
manufacture, social public welfare, education and employment are the
-8-

Unlimited IP White Paper

key application scenarios. In 2016, the blockchain project investments
mainly focused on the fields of mining, trading platform, payoff,
information, etc. With the scenarios getting further developed, the focus
of the investments in 2017 will be transferred to the technological
application field.

1.1.4 The Forerunners of Blockchain

In the computing field, there have been P2P file-sharing and
transmission technology like BT and eMule, grid computing projects such
as “Folding@home” and “SETI@home” from BONIC (伯克利开放式网络
计算平台), and the “RPOW (可复用工作量证明)” originally used to
examine junk mails. In cryptography, we have the Asymmetric Elliptic
Curve Cryptography Algorithm, the “Hash Function”, the Schnorr Digital
Signature Algorithm and Merkle Tree. The application of all the specific
methods above on a mature and wide basis provides essential conditions
for the emergence of bitcoin blockchain.

1.2 The Entertainment Industry: Development and Shackles

-9-

Unlimited IP White Paper

After 2016, the global development of the entertainment industry
majorly focuses on the following aspects:

1.2.1 The Size of Young-User Market Is Significant to the

Development of Enterprises

The young population is one of the key factors to influence market,
because compared to the elderly, the young would be inclined to media
expenses and more easily acceptable to new technology. Presently, the
average expenditure growth rate in ten youngest markets around the
globe is almost three times than that in ten oldest ones. The change of
average expenditure on entertainment and media is more relevant to the
average age of people in the local region than the relatively abundant
level of life.

- 10 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The increasing middle class and economy will propel the income from
consumer magazines in the developing market, but fall down in the
developed economy.

Compound Growth Rate of Consumer Magazines By Region (%),
2015-2020

North America
Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Western Europe
Middle & Eastern Europe
Middle-east & Africa
- 11 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Source: Global Entertainment and Media Prediction (2016-2020), PWC

1.2.2 The Importance of Developing Markets Is Apparent

This tendency in the developing countries is extremely obvious: the
average growth pace of expenditure on entertainment and media
surpasses its GDP growth pace.

On a global scale, Latin America is the only region in which newspaper
groups continue growing with the push of digital charge scheme.

The Gross Income of Newspaper By Region, 2015-2020
- 12 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Asia-Pacific
Europe, Middle-east and Africa
North America
Latin America

Source: Global Entertainment and Media Prediction (2016-2020), PWC

1.2.3 The Mature Markets Remain Their Essentiality

China and America are the two of the best among the mature markets of
the entertainment industry, yet America’s market share is far more than
China’s.

For the time being, North America is still the biggest revenue market in
respect of the TV industry. Meanwhile, the revenue in home video
subscription in America and OTT streaming video services is expected to
a total of $17.19 billion, almost taking one-third of the global revenue in
the industry. In the upcoming decade, the revenue in home video in
China is expected to usher in a tremendous growth. Just for the current
growth momentum, China is expected to climb up to the second
- 13 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

profitable region in terms of the revenue in home video.

Nowadays, although the American market is leading all the way, the
Chinese market is already in a rapid development on the right track.

The Gross Revenue of Home Video By Category ($), 2011-2020
Revenue of Electric Home Video By TV Subscription
Revenue of All Electric Home Video OTT/ Streaming Video
Sales Revenue of Physical Home Video
Rental Revenue of Physical Home Video

Source: Global Entertainment and Media Prediction (2016-2020), PWC

- 14 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

1.2.4 The Chinese Market Achieves Full-scale Development

In 2016, in respect of gross market value produced by various fields,
China’s entertainment industry created a market with a total revenue of
380 billion RMB. Among them:

Games: 160 billion RMB (Acceleration Rate: 8-10%)
TV Series and Variety Show: 100 billion RMB (Acceleration Rate: 25-30%)
Movies: 70 billion RMB (Acceleration Rate: 5-10%)
Live Entertainment: 45 billion RMB (Acceleration Rate: 25-30%)
The amount of fees that subscribers pay for Chinese video sites is close
to 60 million RMB.

As you can see, Chinese movies have the least acceleration, which is
mainly because the starting point is already at a high level. Till this year,
China is expected to become the world’s largest market in movie box
office. In the meantime, the army of We-Media in the form of VR and
PGC/UGC living broadcast suddenly rises. The new scientific revolution
has caused great increase on the delivery of on-site entertainment.

- 15 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

1.2.5 The Globalized Entertainment Enterprises Are Facing Great

Challenges

Although Netflix dominates many markets around the world, but the
Chinese home entertainment market is still controlled by local
enterprises such as Alibaba and Tencent. Centralized resource monopoly
will become shackles to the future development of the entertainment
industry. The excessive voice of core resource is likely to cover the
high-quality contents made by the minority.

1.2.6 The Traditional Stereotyped Habits Still Exist

Cable TV manufacturers with traditional set-top box are fighting back by
the increase of rebroadcasting instantaneous sports events and
monopolizing entertainment contents. Take this year’s Super Bowl as an
example: for many years, with the ratings of 40% to 50%, the Super Bowl
has been the highest rated TV show in America. Therefore, its limited
“golden spots” for advertisements are undoubtedly the focus for major
manufacturers to compete. Naturally, the advertising fees have been
lifted up: for every 30 seconds broadcasting advertisements during the

- 16 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Super Bowl, the fees have been risen up to 5 million dollars from 4.5
million in 2015. IPs are held in fewer hands: the excessive liquidation of
hot IP puts overloaded stress on the buyers, and such economic stress
will eventually be moved onto the consumers.

The biggest group of cable TV audience has put more and more attention
on the broadcast of sports events and high-level entertainment services,
which detonates the price of sports programs and relevant advertising
fees.

Profits From Television-based Multimedia By Region (Unit: Million
Dollars)

North America
- 17 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Latin America
Europe, Middle-east and Africa
Asia-Pacific

Source: Global Entertainment and Media Prediction (2016-2020), PWC

2. Insights on Blockchain & Pan-Entertainment Industry
2.1 The Combined Power of Blockchain & Pan-Entertainment

At the very beginning, Pan-Entertainment meant multi-field symbioses
based on Internet and mobile Internet, establishing a fan economy with
star IP (Intellectual Property). The core is IP, which can be a story, a
character or any other things that numerous users would adore.

Since this year, pan-entertainment has been redefined in width. The
transboundary between industry and IP is in fact the transboundary of
scenario liquidation. Like the online game “Arena of Valor” that you are
obsessed with, its theme will be probably used as a concert in the future,
and you will probably buy the ticket and even a certain kind of financial
product with the stunt of this game in the exhibition zone of the concert.
- 18 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The essence of pan-entertainment is that IP contents generate cultural
transmission and economic liquidation over time in various space
(scenarios). The core of IP commercial value is to achieve the ultimate
goal of liquidation by means of diversified derivative operation.

The Transboundary Between Two Industries
The Transboundary Between Two Scenarios
Generate Cultural Transmission & Economic Liquidation Over Time In
Various Space (Scenarios)
Conclusion: The means of diversified derivative operation aiming at
liquidation is the core of IP commercial value!
IP （Derive） IP Variation
offline scenario (intercommunicate) online scenario
Concert Festival Stage Play Musicale Gaming Sports ACG Fashion Show
PGC Live UGC Live FM Radio E-commerce Social Group Online Education

- 19 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

2.2 The Smart Business Landscape of Entertainment IP

Nowadays, the IP-ized market has been overly deciphered, causing
varieties of messy situations, such as mess in authorization, identical
contents, chaotic pricing system and opacity in transaction. Throughout
the above, our team combined blockchain and entertainment industry
into the smart business landscape based on a large number of artistic
creation practices and commercial transactions.

This

contains

copyright

protection,

content-based

sales

on

entertainment products, precise publicity of digital ads and IP
- 20 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

transboundary and combination in the entertainment industry.

The Smart Business Landscape of the Combined Blockchain and
Entertainment Industry

Copyright Protection

The decentralized copyright protection platform based on the blockchain
technology can digitalize art works on a basis of copyright, and make
data preservation available.

Content-based Sales on Entertainment Products

The decentralized multimedia platform based on the blockchain
technology will bring point-to-point media entertainment contents for
users, and eliminate issues like operational costs and splits caused by the
centralized platform. In such case, both content creators and users would
maximize their gains.

Precise Publicity of Digital Ads

Share the attention based on users and build up a transparent, precise
- 21 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

and privacy-protected ecosystem among advertisers, advertisement
clients and users.

IP Transboundary and Combination in the Entertainment Industry

The ultimate solution for the prosperity of entertainment industry.

2.2.1 Copyright Protection

The decentralized copyright protection platform based on the blockchain
technology can digitalize art works on a basis of copyright, and make
data for preservation.

2.2.2 Content-based Sales on Entertainment Products

The decentralized multimedia platform based on the blockchain
technology will bring point-to-point media entertainment contents for
users, and eliminate issues like operational costs and splits caused by the
centralized platform. In such case, both content creators and users would
maximize their gains.
- 22 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

2.2.3 Precise Publicity of Digital Ads

Share the attention based on users and build up a transparent, precise
and privacy-protected ecosystem among advertisers, advertisement
clients and users.

2.2.4 The Privately-owned Entertainment IP Sharing Era

In the future entertainment copyright market, everyone who loves IP
should have it in hand, just like product stockholders. When the value of
an IP is distributed to various hands on a scattered sense, we can
implement smart sharing on a good IP copyright under the regulation of
smart contracts following personal requests. The value of a good IP
should be examined by the market, not imposed by any IP holders or
resource monopolists. Once the trend of decentralization is settled, the
tendency of centralizing entertainment resources will be effectively
contained.

- 23 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

3. The Smart Trading Market for Entertainment IP Copyright
3.1 Brief Introduction of the Smart IP Trading Market

Most of the current IP transactions are conducted in the intermediary
mode, which leads to the fact that a large amount of capitals is paid to
the intermediate market. Meanwhile, the reliance of IP transactions on
intermediates has caused a large amount of communication cost in the
cross-border IP deals, including time, energy and money. In order to
intensify the global IP trades in depth, artistic communication should
eliminate borders and intermediaries. Therefore, we have concluded as
following:

The intersection among entertainment IP, business transactions and
blockchain connotes the smart trading market for entertainment IP
copyright.

- 24 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Entertainment Industry Chaotic Business Transaction Preliminary
Decentralized Smart Transaction of IP Copyright (with Transparency and
Openness) Layout Blockchain Industry

At present, the smart trading market covers four levels:

Level 1: Copyright Protects Evidence
Level 2: IP Derives Smart Transaction
Level 3: IP Interest Split
Level 4: IP Interest Sharing

Every IP on the smart trading platform should simultaneously meet: (1)
the accomplishment of the first deal; (2) its transaction medium based
on UIP token will generate an exclusive “IPUnit”, and buyers will decide
whether to sell its percentage on the trading platform (the percentage
- 25 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

represents the amount of interests possessed by the IP). On one side,
this kind of asset split can alleviate enormous economic stress on buyers;
on the other side, this stock “IPUnit” will be held by the stockholder who
really adores it—as a digital asset, a good IP itself should also have the
value of sharing and collecting on some level.

We call this form of future copyright the “UnlimitedIP (UIP)”. In the
meantime, UIP will also log on to the pan-entertainment smart trading
platform. Apart from the 100% IP derivative contents being cross-sold,
you can also hold shares on the derivative value of this IP. All of this can
be achieved on our future entertainment copyright trading platform.

Meanwhile, we are exploring the multi-forms of online IP trading: under
the condition of no harm on the original creators’ benefit, can we refer
to the concept of sharing economy and share a certain amount of IP
resources by setting rules? This is the trend after the future UIP platform
enters into the 3.0 and 4.0 eras.

3.2 Theoretical Basis of Products on the Market

In order to construct this entertainment IP trading platform, we refer to
- 26 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

the following theories:

3.2.1 The “Silent” Spiral Theory

it belongs to the theory of politics and public communication. This
theory is based on such an assumption: the majority of people would try
to avoid the isolation generated by individually holding on some attitude
and conviction. Basically, it describes such a phenomenon: when people
convey their own thoughts and perspectives, if seeing the viewpoints
they agree with have got widely supported, they will take an active part
in it, and this kind of viewpoints will be broadly addressed and spread
out; however, if finding that (hardly) no one understands a viewpoint
(even having an experience that everyone points an accusing finger at it),
they will keep silent even though they agree with it. The silence from
one side of a viewpoint will cause the uprising momentum of the other.
So, after many circulations as above, it will form as a spiral development
process that one side’s voice will become more and more powerful,
whereas the other will become more and more silent.

Due to the specialty of the entertainment industry, to ensure the normal
operation of our trading platform, we will actively bring people who have
the right to speak about entertainment into our team. The entry of the
- 27 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

second half of the Internet majorly means to take control of the right to
speak and guide the trend to the public. It is such a large invisible cake
that the current exploitation of the blockchain technology still needs
more influential professionals to guide the public to participate.

3.2.2 The Transboundary-based IP Smart Trading Theory—MECE
Analysis

This theory is based on mathematical aggregation theory. It contains two
parts: “Mutually Exclusive” and “Collectively Exhaustive”.

Headache Physicality External Head Injury Allergy Headache Caused by
Adverse Weather
Internal Brain Tumor Hydrocephalus
Mentality Stress and Tension Chronic Psychiatric Symptoms Depression

- 28 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

This theory connotes a way that when a big issue occurs, we are able to
make classifications without overlaps and omissions, and by this means
effectively grab the core of the problem and solve it.

It includes four directions: collecting information, describing findings,
conclusion and bringing out solutions.

As the new ways of Internet use, new forms derived from IP is
continuously generating. While establishing the types of IP copyright
derivative transactions in the early stage, including those small-amount
contents unacceptable to the traditional entertainment such as GIFs and
short videos. Due to the level of their abundance, we will also make
classifications for them. We will make IP classifications as many as we
can in the early stage.

- 29 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

3.2.3 The Derivative Process of IP: Principle of Voice
Communication

Voice Communication Cycle
Starting from Consumers’ Inner Voice
Ending with Consumers’ Sympathetic Response
Origin Area Voicing Area Echoing Area Soundless Area
Little Wave Energy Wave Single Sound Wave Innovation Wave Emotion
Wave Culture Wave
Reorientation Upgrading Products Reshaping Image Grouping
With the scope of sound expanding, the acoustic intensity strengthens.

- 30 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

A high-quality IP development always goes through the above four
phases. With a certain amount of energy wave in the Origin Area, the
acoustical

radiation

starts,

then

by

consistently

expanding,

product-upgrading and reorienting, it will eventually produces a new
powerful IP system.

The growth of an enterprise is just a process of unceasingly expanding
the circle of sound wave. Its core is the inner power constructing your
origin, namely, the voice prosthesis. Along with various innovative means
of communication making sounds, it will form as sound wave in the end.
Voice communication enables brands and communications to become
more simplified, clarified, visualized and animated. A brand represents a
life, and voice communication is attempting to depict the growth path of
this life.

3.2.4 Cluster Analysis—Big-data Prediction: The Future Trend of
Entertainment IP Copyright Derivative Market

- 31 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Cluster analysis is a process of analysis with aggregations of substantial
or abstract objects grouping into several categories consist of resembling
objects. It is a vital human behavior.

The aim of cluster analysis is to collect data on the similar basis and then
classify them. Cluster stems from many fields, including mathematics,
computing science, statistics, biology and economics. In the varied
application fields, many cluster technologies have developed. These
technological methods have been used to describe data, measure the
similarities among varied data sources and classify these sources into
varied groups.

As the data on the trading platform precipitates, we are going to use
cluster analysis to get familiar with traders’ habits to make interface
more humanized. If possible, with the analysis of fans behavior, we will
even output the data to the IP producers and support them to build up
the IP contents more suitable for the market.

4. Team Members

- 32 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Coming from three distinct fields, our team members bring in powerful
and unique resources for the UIP project, and consistently enrich and
improve this project:

Entertainment Field: It consists of the leading Hollywood entertainment
celebrities and other IP creators from overseas. This aims at promoting
more general citizens to be a part of our trading platform. From this
moment on, the blockchain technology will not work behind closed
doors; instead, we hope to take advantage of this opportunity to
integrate this revolutionary technology with the entertainment industry.

Technological Field: The project provider associates Tai Yi Yun Technology
(太一云科技) R & D team as the undertaking party for this project, as
well as introducing EOS team as their professional technical guidance. At
present, some part of the functional module has been in the
prototype-testing phase. We hope that in the future iterative
development, we can accept new technical schemes with open minds
and carefully select technical routes, doing the best we can to manage it
as the normal form of the blockchain-determined projects.

- 33 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Technology & Entertainment Mangement Team: As the transboundary
team between the blockchain technology and the entertainment
industry, we will build up the first blockchain pilot project in the country
that is legitimate and follows the supervision and guidance of our
government.

Detailed Introduction of Team Members:

Chi Jingchao

Ms. Chi Jingchao is the CEO of Tian Lang Qing Qing Ltd. and the deputy
director of “16 Is Good” Executive Committee.

She has the experience of overseas study, graduating from the Ukrainian
National Dnieper University with a master degree of computer
programming and networking in the department of radio electronics.

After graduation in 2004, she returned to China and got employed
continuously in Zi Guang Gu Han, Guanghua Foundation for Science and
Technology, China-Japan-Korea SME Promotion Association. She also
co-founded Ling Qian Cai (Bejing) Technology Co., Ltd., Xiao Cai
Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Tian Lang Qing Qing Cultural
- 34 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Communication Co., Ltd., etc. She used to associate major strategic
partners to accomplish many classics with the varied-typed IP
Transboundary linkage operation, such as the movie “Never Gone”, the
concert “What if I am Tayu Lo” and “I Do: To Love”, and the product
announcement “Haier High-level Brand: Casarte”, turning her into the
most newly potential pan-entertainment IP operator in the scientific
entertainment industry of China.

Zhang Hao

Mr. Zhang Hao has been working on entertainment for 20 years, focusing
on pop music performance brokerage. In 2000, he created EWB Inc. in
New York, committing to cultural communication between China and
overseas. He has organized and schemed over 40 solo concerts in
America, Europe, Australia, etc. for Chinese musicians like Song Zuying,
Sunnan, Naying, Cuijian and Zhang Liangying, etc. Especially in 2003, he
consecutively planned and held two times of Chinese Song Ranking
Awards Ceremony in America; in 2013, the Panda Show was presented in
Las Vegas for a year, setting a record in time duration of Chinese
entertainment overseas performances. In recent years, he brought in
Broadway musicales like “RENT” and “Fuerza Bruta” (setting a record of
350 times during the nationwide performing tour). Additionally, he also
- 35 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

attended many Asian performing tours held by music celebrities such as
Madonna, Mariah Carey, Ke$ha, Boys II Man, Backstreet Boys, Bon Jovi,
Guns & Roses, The Scorpion, The Queen and Air Supply in Korea,
Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, etc.,

Zhao Lingyan

Ms. Zhao Lingyan is a master of media management in Murdoch
University of Australia. Before this, she graduated from Communication
University of China with two bachelor degrees: Electronic Information
Engineering and Broadcasting and Television Directing. From home to
abroad, She has worked as China-Australia newspaper editor, production
of CG movie “Little Door Gods”, Internet movie “DJ Taoist Priest”, CG
animation movie “Intelligent Beijing”, ”Battle of the Morning Peak”
and ”Passion Kitchen”, etc., executive director for variety shows, IP
transboundary operator and others related to project producers. She
used to work in Wanda Screen, Light Chaser Animation Studios and
Australia Eastern Post, etc. Now she is the founder and CEO of Link
Entertainments Technology Inc. Deeply digging in the industry of
technology and art combination, she has a profound perception on the
production and derivation of IP contents.

- 36 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Greg Silverman

Mr. Greg Silverman is the former president of Warner Bro. Entertainment
Company. He participated and produced a large number of blockbusters
with high reputation and profitable box office, such as The Dark Knight
Trilogy, Inception, Interstellar, Man of Steel, Batman V. Superman: Dawn
of Justice, etc. During his movie career of over 20 years, he has
established stable relationships with so many respected and outstanding
moviemakers, including Ben Affleck, Christopher Nolan, Steve Carell,
Alfonso Cuarón, Todd Phillips, Guy Ritchie, Margot Robbie, Sandra
Bullock, Will Smith, Anne Hathaway, Bradley Cooper, Patty Jenkins, David
Yates and Steven Spielberg, etc. Now Greg Silverman has founded his
own company, which is Warner-based and mainly focuses on scientific
entertainment. He thinks the traditional business mode is on the way of
subversion, so he and his company are looking for new opportunities in
the revolution of scientific entertainment. As the partner of UIP in
American office, he will bring in high-quality American IP resources for
the future copyright.

Teddy Zee

Mr. Teddy Zee is one of the most important golden producers of Chinese
- 37 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

and Asians in Hollywood. The films he produced and supervised have
amassed more than 2.6 billion dollars in revenue. He is a member of
Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences (Oscars), Academy of
Television Arts & Sciences (Emmys) and Producers Guild of America. He
served as Executive Vice President at Columbia Pictures, Senior Vice
President at Paramount Pictures, President of Sony-based Overbrook
Films, President of Fox-based Davis Entertainment, and now under the
banner of Teddy Zee Productions. In addition to film and entertainment,
his company has built an integrated consulting and advisory practice
that spans media, technology and commerce while bridging Hollywood
with Asia. As the partner of UIP in American office, he will engraft and
bring in investments on UIP’s IP resources in America.

Wu Peng

Mr. Wu Peng has been engaged in the marketing industry for 9 years.
Now he is the co-founder and CMO of Tian Lang Qing Qing, associating
business team to create a new model of “9 Steps for IP Transboundary
Operation” in pan-entertainment. Cored with Internet thinking and user
needs, this model will provide solutions of various marketing channels,
pluralistic profit models and multi-polarized fan liquidations for
pan-entertainment IP. With the idea of transboundary integration, this
- 38 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

model will also help make new contents tailored to brand and
cross-settle new groups, enhance the incremental market of
pan-entertainment IP transboundary operation, and exert new
momentum of entertainment IP with technology.

The technological part is solely in the charge of Beijing Tai Yi
Yun Technology Co., Ltd.

Starting research and development in 2014, Tai Yi nowadays has cr
eated multi-asset lossless superconducting network that leads the
world and has applied for over ten patents on it. The Tai Yi super
conducting network is a new-type network built on Tai Yi blockcha
in, supporting lossless transference on multiple types of digital ass
ets. Among the currently popular blockchain system, all the transa
ctions need to be written into block and broadcast to spots of th
e whole network. Due to the limitation of block volume and its f
ormation speed, the transaction pace of the whole network has g
ot limited dramatically. Superconducting network builds supercondu
cting channels among multiple transaction spots, and based on the
smart contract, it can initiate fast transactions out of blockchain
along with customizable fields and security verifications. In the larg
e-scale performance test based on the environment of public clou
- 39 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

d, superconducting network keeps operating for one hour, accompli
shing 400 million transactions—nearly 110,000 out-of-blockchain tra
nsactions are managed per second. The specific testing data is as
follows: the superconducting network operates in the midst of 350
virtual machine instances, consistently operating 3669 seconds and
finishing 402,803,740 transactions, which means 109785.7 transacti
ons are managed per second. That being said, even from an inter
national perspective, it is at the highest level.

- 40 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Tai Yi Blockchain Superconducting Trading Network Test Report
(Complete Date: May 22nd, 2017)

Product Type: Blockchain Superconducting Trading Network
Product Name:
Entrusted Agency: Beijing Tai Yi Yun Technology Co., Ltd.
Test Type: Entrusted Test

- 41 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Telecommunications Research Institute, Ministry of industry and
information technology

5. The Business Module of the Future Copyright Trading Platform
5.1 An Overall Observation of the Trading Platform

UnlimitedIP is a kind of DAPP. The whole trading platform provides
spontaneous trading with bottom oriented system without centralization.
- 42 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Based on the silent spiral theory, in order to realize the operability of the
trading platform, we use the pilot centralized model for our early
resources grounding and promotion. That is to say, to ensure the deep
mobilization, we invest IP producers and purchase the big IP. With the
prosperity of the trading platform, the action of centralized IP producing
will slowly fade away.

In order to strictly guarantee the purity of artistic creation platform, we
only deal with entertainment IP products. At the same time, in order to
achieve maximum possible landing project, we had a-year-long resource
layout. Including IP cross-border product research and development, the
inculcation of block chain thinking for Hollywood and domestic
entertaining stars, we encourage them to put their IP at hand on the
trading platform and to stand up to voice for the future copyright. We
want to call for more common people to participate in the understanding
of the block chain techniques. It is never a patent for interior industry. It
is not only worth developing, but also worthy of more people's
understanding, witnessing and participation. It won’t take long from
digital money to credit society.

The types of entertainment products that can be traded are, in theory,
infinitely subdivided over time. It is now divided into the following
- 43 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

categories: writing, live entertainment, film and television, events and
ACG. It is clearly that these categories can be divided into specific
sub-categories as well, such as narration, application and demonstration.
Among them, the narrative literature produced the greatest value of IP.
For example, to realize live entertainment, it contains the landing event
itself (concerts, music festivals, live house and so on.) Including
two-degree transmission based on the scene, such as PGC live broadcast
(Current official video platforms include Tencent, Youku and other live
broadcast), UGC live broadcast (Like Huajiao, Yingke, Douyu live from the
media etc.), VR live broadcast (Science and technology, to enhance the
audience's sense of deep experience) and so on. Hundreds of people, or
even a single person, can be exposed to the whole audience, which may
bring to real-deep liquidation.

Based on that, it is clearly for us that entertainment IP industry content
is deeply overlapped. We will make a hypothesis here. Mr. Keigo
Higashino's novel Journey Under the Midnight Sun. We can sell its
derivative drama rights to a Japanese company A to make the TV show
Journey Under the Midnight Sun. At the same time, we sell the film
adaptation right to the company B in China. B sells the concert's
copyright rights to the Chinese C party for its own box office sales. In
order to ease the concert box office pressure, C sells the concert live PGC
- 44 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

copyright to a live video company D and UGC live broadcast copyright to
company E. Because of its own liquidation needs, D sells some part of
the PGC copyright to online titles and the other to the content
purchasing of site F and G for requesting right. Finally, Mr. Keigo
Higashino is likely to see the movie's concert on the LED screen after
taking an airline seat.

As a result, the derivation of entertainment IP must be a re-creation

process. Therefore, we make the further conclusion:

- 45 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

5.2 The Business Module of the Trading Platform
5.2.1 Level 1: Copyright Proof (only as proof, not for certification)

Traditional methods of copyright proof: An original method of protecting
intellectual property rights that the industry knows is to send a printed
copy of the work by express mail. After receiving the envelope, the
writer will not open it, but use the time on the postmark to prove that
he has already owned the work. There are many disadvantages of this
method. Firstly, the postmark can be fake. Secondly, it is difficult to
prove that the envelope has not been opened. Thirdly, only part of the
entity’s copyright can be stored in this way. Therefore, the preservation
of copyright has always been a pain point in the entertainment industry.
However, based on the original method we can still learn its basic
principle and elements, that is to say, the reliable vectors, non-tampering
- 46 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

proof, privacy protection, timestamp and so on.

It can be traced, distributed, and difficult to tamper with block chain
itself. Based on hash algorithm, asymmetric encryption, timestamp and
other technical characteristics, it is easy to implement an inventory of
user digital IP assets.

When users upload each work, they are automatically stamped with
timestamps on the trading platform. To avoid the criminals who
plagiarize others and gain illegal benefits through the platform, we all
adopt the real name system to register the transaction pattern. At the
same time, we use personal credit scoring system. If copyright disputes
arise later, several steps will be taken:

First, the trading platform will provide fully uploaded information and
timestamps for legal evidence from the originator.

Second, the outcome of litigation disputes will have an impact on their
personal credit. Later, we will gradually link this credit with Zhima Credit,
with a goal to promote the establishment of social credit system.

5.2.2 Level 2: The Derivative Trading Function of IP (by voting of the
- 47 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Committee do transactions going on the market)

Here, we demonstrate two examples:

1.

A is a student majoring in film, drama and literature in an art
school. She is interested in script creation. One day, a small script
that she wrote was sold directly on the transaction site, and she
harvested 50,000 yuan in cash. After that, the development of the
IP has nothing to do with her.

2.

B is a great writer on a literary website, whose copyright of work is
owned by both him and the website. Since the novel has a huge
amount of fans, he only intends to sell the right of movie
adaptation while holding the copyright of literature.

There are two circumstances for IP transaction. The first is the small and
medium IP presented in the first situation. In the process of trading such
IP, traders have low impact due to short creative cycle. They usually want
to sell their IP products directly for liquidation. Under this circumstance,
buyers and sellers basically follow only one decision: the highest bidder
gets the product. In such cases, buyers and sellers may even need only
the most basic anonymous transactions. Since the description of the text
- 48 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

will be difficult to understand, we will show the trading platform
transaction model according to the following flow chart:

platform trading volume 3% for the token holders/ platform trading
volume 0.1% for the platform fees
private trading(illegal)/witness/ rise witness

With the category of entertainment IP uploaded, four effects can be
achieved:
1.

copyright protection

2.

transparent market

3.

reduced cost
- 49 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

4.

intelligent cooperation

Copyright protection, which is mentioned in Layer 1, can exert copyright
proof by uploading. During the process, users need to register with their
real name before uploading their own data. The examination of
real-name registration is carried out by the UIP Certification Department
voted by the autonomous community. When the real-name registration
is finished, users generate a basic value of credit. The registered users
will have the right to upload the work.

1.

When sellers have transaction demands, the type of IP they sell
will be defined automatically according to the clear choice of the
trading platform. For example, the literary IP will sell rights of
movie adaptation or even all the televised adaptation rights at the
same time. The platform will provide a very friendly operating
interface to ensure that the art creators who guarantee no
knowledge of block chain can also fill in requirements successfully.
Sellers will be guided by the interface to fill out their own
requirements attributes: including the IP adaptation cycle
(permanent or within a few years), the adaptation type (movies,
television dramas, short video or other content), the price range

- 50 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

(usually can set a reserve price), the purchaser qualification
(person or film company), whether payment in advance or not,
etc.

At the same time, accordingly, there will be buyers initiating
trading requirements, including the acceptance scope of the
budget (generally set a hardtop), qualification for buyers (person
or company), trading mode (full payment, cash payment or part of
cross-industry cooperation), and plausible cycle for IP (full buyout
or no difference).

2.

Once the seller initiates a transaction request for his uploaded
work, the system will review and secure the seller's work through
the Trading Committee of the autonomous community. Only
works of art, which pass the examination, can be used for trading
to prevent someone who just changes the name of Journey Under
the Midnight Sun for trading on the trading platform. Once the
Committee finds someone uploading others’ copied work, we
have the right to make a credit deduction or close his account. The
behavior is entirely based on the block chain technology, which

- 51 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

will be visible to all holders of the transaction platform and may be
broadcast if necessary.

3.

When the seller uploads his legal works in accordance with the
formal procedure, the system will systematically match the buyer
and seller according to their requirements. The buyer will filter the
matched content and select the items he likes to proceed to the
next transaction.

4.

For small and medium IP transaction like the first situation
mentioned above, when the buyer and the seller both choose the
transaction, the two parties have the right to ask for anonymous
or non-anonymous transactions.

5.

For many medium-sized and large IPs, the source of copyright
often regards its artistic creation as treasure. In this case, they will
not only maintain the IP source itself, but also be cautious about
the transactions of IP derivatives. The highest bidder is not the
sole purpose of the transaction. Buyers and sellers require
multiple rounds of communication and collisions of ideas. Even
the seller will continue to communicate with the buyer in the
process of making derivative products to ensure that the
- 52 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

derivative work satisfies the seller's original vision of the content
of the literature. IP cross-border transaction in the broad
entertainment environment has become the most important
productivity of the future entertainment copyright transaction. In
this case, both buyers and sellers are required to issue real-name
requirements. The system will provide matchmaking for both
parties based on demand from both parties. No matter how many
rounds are involved, as soon as the transaction is reached, the
platform needs to be validated and finalized.

There's a validation mechanism: If both A and B meet with real identities
and eventually pay money through the trading platform to complete the
the IP derivative transaction, then it is seen as the end of the transaction;
if the completion of the transaction is not achieved, the validation
Committee of the autonomous community will be required to come
forward and conduct verification of the transaction.

If the result is true, then the transaction is closed and the trust value of
both parties will not be affected.

If the result is false, then it shows that the two parties have conducted
private transaction. Since earlier the trading platform has provided a
- 53 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

large number of services for both parties, the Commission needs to
come forward to negotiate with both so that they can move the
transaction to the trading platform. Otherwise, the verification
committee will submit the results and evidence to the management
department, and the management department will take a vote to reduce
the credit of both parties or close their accounts as a consequence.

6.

After the transaction is successfully done, the buyer can use the IP
for further derived products, and hang it on the trading platform
for future selling to alleviate the pressure on the capital flow.

The above A~G represents the whole process of trading IP or IP
derivative value on the trading platform. The trading content includes
two levels of copyright protection and IP liquidation. Next, we'll talk
about Level 3, the most important level of the trading platform.

5.2.3 Level 3: A good IP should be a digital collection for anyone who
adores it

In Level 2, the trading platform works as the content of the electricity
supplier, allowing sellers to make a choice:

- 54 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

When both parties need only ordinary transactions on IP or IP
derivatives, they can accomplish them with traditional currency. When
both buyers and sellers need to have their own IP securitization
requirements, then IPUnit must be introduced.

The generation of IPUnit: UIP tokens are required to work as the way to
proceed, that is to say, the buyer pays for UIP and the seller converts the
IP copyright into its unique IPUnit token and pays the buyer. The seller
and the buyer shall negotiate the issue and distribution of IPUnit tokens
before the transaction. Each IP's IPUnit is unique to its IP and is not
intended for general use.

For example, the copyright holder of Batman wants to distribute its film
distribution rights. The buyer can carry on the transaction by trading
1000 UIP. The Batman IPUnit will be created during the transaction.
10000 Batman IPUnit is set up by negotiation between the seller and the
buyer. The Batman IPUnit token costs 0.1 UIP. The tokens shall be held by
the buyer for at least 51% (to ensure its access). The buyer obtained
Batman's film and television rights through the transaction. At the same
time, due to the internal fund needs of the company, the remaining
IPUnit can be traded on the trading platform.

- 55 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

1.

Without affecting the use of the right, the buyer who owns
Batman IPUnit on the trading platform can sell it to some fans.
This Batman IPUnit makes deals via UIP. At the same time, the
buyer will trade the sold Batman IPUnit into UIP. This part of UIP
can be cashed in the second market for the company's capital
turnover.

2.

When the parties hold a delicate balance of IPUnit Holdings on the
platform (This balance will be explained by consensus
mechanisms), The person who owns the IPUnit has the right to
share the Batman opportunity. In order to prevent the loss of
value caused by IP abuse and joint malignant fraud, the use of this
opportunity requires confirmation by the IP source holder and the
autonomous community committee after voting.

5.2.4 Level 4: The Privately-owned IP Sharing Era

There must be part in the future copyright transactions that can be
privately owned and the rest can be partially shared. In the book Brief
History of Time, the purpose of the author's writing is to allow more
people to accept the enlightenment of content rather than make a profit.
- 56 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

So future sources, authors and autonomous committees will be able to
share IP sources (you can refer to some of the currently open copyright IP,
such as the “Four Classics”). Reaching a certain number of people to hold
UIP or IPUnit can apply for IP shared use.

5.3 The Autonomous Committee of the Trading Platform

The formation of the Autonomous Committee: the autonomous
committee will be voted by all members of the community in accordance
with the share held by the currency;

Autonomous Committee Ruling Mechanism:

1.

The members of the Autonomous Committee will vote for a
transaction on the platform. IP's shelving request was rejected
when 10% of the members of the Autonomous Committee held
that the IP had plagiarism and other fraudulent practices.

2.

Members of the Autonomous Committee participating in the vote
will receive IP commission fees in accordance with their
contribution.

Members of the Autonomous Committee who participate in the voting
- 57 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

cannot participate in the next election, but they have the right to vote in
the election. It ensures the concentration of rights.

5.3.1 Certification Mechanism of IP Asset Rights

This is an authentication node operating certification mechanism
selected by a large number of holders of autonomous communities. They
will carry out paid certification examination through the profitable part
of the trading platform.

5.3.2 Non-anonymous Verification Committee

The main role of the Committee is to collect information to verify
whether the buyer and the seller have reached an actual transaction
when they announce they have failed for the transaction on the platform
by certain buyers and sellers with real-name contact. If an actual private
transaction has been reached, the Non-anonymous Verification
Committee has the authority to impose sanctions on the management of
both parties.

5.3.3 Vote for the IP Demands In the Case of Sharing IP

- 58 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

When the IPUnit holds a party to hold the equilibrium state, the
Autonomous Committee is responsible for the ability check of the
token-holders who proposed to use the IP.

5.3.4 Governance Report

The trading platform is provided by Lianyu Technological Co. Ltd, which
has been set up in Jiangxi, Ganzhou Block Chain Finance industry
department. After that, we will gradually open up the domestic
regulatory authorities, to provide real-time reporting transaction data.
Once the illegal trade and content is found, we will ask regulatory
authorities to come forward to supervise the management of both
buyers and sellers.

6. The Business Model of the Future Copyright Trading Platform

The whole business logic of UIP can be defined as three layers, that is, 1.,
digital copyright is right; 2., transaction on digital copyright usage rights;
3., dissociation on digital copyright ownership.

6.1 Digital Copyright Is Right

- 59 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The Blockchain technology has the feature of being traceable, difficult to
tamper and other native features will make the right of digital assets
become very simple.

1.

The user will upload the digital file to the UIP system, and UIP will
generate the user block and calculate its hash value.

2.

UIP records the root hash value of the user block Merkle Tree into
the block of the anchor block chain.

3.

UIP anchors the root hash value of the anchor block Merkle Tree
through the transaction broadcast to the union chain.

Based on the mechanisms, UIP will minimize the cost of users as well as
ensuring that the deposit data is broadcast to a chain of alliances, to
make sure the data of its deposit card are difficult to be tampered with
by any individual or organization.

- 60 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

6.2 The Traditional Trading Model for The Future Copyright Trading
Platform

In the process of conducting IP copyright transactions, we provide the
right of traditional customers to choose freely. So they can choose the
centralized trading method, which uses the traditional currency as a
medium for trading assets. At the same time, the future copyright
trading platform as an intermediary, charge a certain amout of service
fees. A portion of the service charge is distributed by UIP tokens in
proportion to UIP held by all users.

The advantage of this traditional model is that it ensures that traditional
customers can effectively avoid transaction risks associated with UIP
price fluctuations. But at the same time, it has lost the right to issue
- 61 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

IPUnit on the future copyright trading platform.

We recommend customers who are forward-looking in the form of
future copyright and adopt a new disintermediation UIP asset-trading
model. This trading model will be discussed in the following sections.

6.3 The Economic Model for Copyright Transaction And Dissociation on
the Future Copyright Trading Platform

6.3.1 Basic Principles of Creating Economic Models

In the atomic world, the transaction of assets involves the transfer of the
physical property and the right of use to the credit intermediary. The
emergence of block chain brings us into the era of quantum economy.
Digital copyright is human's digital assets. Its right of ownership and right
of use can be stripped off, and the right to use it can be broken down
indefinitely. At the same time, under the distributed credit mechanism of
block chain, we can realize the disintermediation of transactions in the
process of trading digital assets to greatly reduce transaction costs. The
characteristics of the free division and reorganization of digital assets in
the quantum economy coincided with the uncertainty and richness of
the copyright form in the future.
- 62 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

With this mode, the split and free trade of digital assets can cause
confusion in the real world, such as the use of copyright after the
separation of interests overlap may cause disputes. As a consequence, it
is necessary to introduce intelligent contracts over the block chain
technology to establish the necessary consensus to enable UIP's
economic model to operate successfully in the real world.

In the process of creating consensus mechanisms, we follow the
following principles:

The Code Is the Law
The emergence of block chain and intelligent contract can help the
parties in the transaction to run the corresponding contractual terms on
the Internet. And ensure that once the code is running, the contract is
started and cannot be tampered with or forged.

Privately-owned Digital assets & Sharing Usage Rights
In block chain systems, the ownership of digital assets is recognized
along with the creation of digital assets. That is to say, the person who
creates has the ownership. Due to the traceability of block chain, the
original author's absolute right of ownership of digital IP assets cannot
- 63 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

be stripped in any form. However, its right to use can be transferred with
digital assets. The split nature of digital assets makes it possible to share
digital assets.

The Full Principle of Community Autonomy
The autonomous community will reduce the cost of centralized
certification system, and give full play to the strength of the community
to protect community interests.

6.3.2 Disinter mediated Transaction Consensus Model of the Future
Copyright Trading Platform

The transfer of IP usage rights: when a IP's IPUnit holder is more than
one, the use rights of the IP comply with the following rules. All the
holders of the IPUnit will abide by this rule by default. This rule is implied
in the contract signed by both parties and is protected by the contract
law.

1.

The initial use of digital assets will be owned by the creator of the
earliest deposit card, i.e. who holds the card and who owns it;

- 64 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

2.

Once the digital asset is indeed the right, the digital assets of the
receiver need to be certified by the autonomous committee
before it can be traded so as to prevent plagiarism

3.

When a party holds a 51%IPUnit token, the party has the right to
use and fork out the IP; the right of forking is the interest that
arises to ensure that the original IP generates the right to use the
derivative IP.

4.

When a party has the right to use IP, it may reduce the percentage
of its IPUnit to below 51% with the consent of the original author,
but lose the right of forking at the same time. Until any participant
in the UIP market regains 51% of the IPUnit, The party will acquire
the right to use and fork out the IP. The right of use of the holder
of the original right of use shall be automatically removed after
one year from now.

5.

In order to avoid the situation that the right of usage is owned by
many parties at the same time, IPUnit holders need to be cautious
of it trading actions and take responsibility for its consequences.
The situation of multi-party owners of the right of IP usage, that is
to say, IP ownership is exclusive but the right of usage is shared.
- 65 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The UIP platform considers it reasonable and has practical
application scenarios.

6.

A party holding 51% tokens of a digital asset will have the right to
split the asset into sub assets. However, the right must be carried
out under the following conditions:

a. The creation of new asset tokens must be converted from part of the old
token. The right to use the assets of the representative still follows the 51%
rules of this consensus;
b. The token may be destroyed if the holder holds only 100% of the new assets;
or revert to a parent chain or produce a new chain. The premise of producing
a new chain needs to be agreed upon or later issued by the IP source's
intelligent contract, and the new chain can be issued only after being
approved.

7.

The Fourth-Layer Assumption of the Trading Platform:

When the IP assets are split up and one day comes to some sort of
shared mode (Neither party holds more than 51% of its assets). Then
either party has the opportunity to use the asset. For example, in reality,
the use of copyright in the world famous works has been opened up, and
anyone has the right to use it.

- 66 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The Era of IP exclusive sharing, that is to say, in the case of guaranteeing
the original author's absolute ownership of the IP, the usage rights are
open to all IPUnit holders. It not only protects the rights and interests of
the author of IP, but also guarantees the threshold of certain use. At the
same time, it greatly enriched the resources that IP can combine. So that
the original author of IP, IP itself and its IP holdings fully enjoy the bonus
IP era bonus shared by blockchain.

In order to ensure the quality of this IP continuity, the demand side
needs to put forward the IP application on the trading platform, the IP
source holders and platform community autonomous committee jointly
audited. The concrete mechanism will be perfected step by step in the
construction process.

8.

When an IP asset is shared from the shared situation, 51%
absolute access is granted. (For example, a company holds the
IPUnit from less than 51% to greater than or equal to 51% due to
continuous inhalation.) Prior to this, other IP users, made by the
autonomous Commission, have the right to use the IP on the
specified date of the smart contract.

- 67 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

6.4 Demonstrations of Business Scenarios

In theory, the IP hierarchy can be continuously broken up into infinity.
But in order to prevent the right is not clear, such as the movie concert
derivatives and derivatives of the original sale of conflict issues. Trading
platform copyright split sale will still be subdivided to the actual
situations.

Situation 1:

Application scene (for example, not in reality):

- 68 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

1.

Project Economy
1.

Reward Mode

When an IP initiates a transaction with a seller and generates IPUnit for
the first time, a certain percentage of development costs will be charged.
And distribute 20% of the development expenses to all UIP holders at
the percentage held by UIP. When IPUnit trades through the UIP, 3% of
the miners' fees will be charged for each transaction. 2% of these are
distributed to all IPUnit holders of the current IP in proportion. 1%
distribution to holders of UIP by the percentage of UIP held. (Currently
tentative, the specific proportion will be measured by the platform after
the actual on-line trading pilot calculation, and then adjust the details.)

The value of UIP tokens:

With the increasing number of IP IPUnit on

the UIP platform and the increasing number of IPUnit transactions, the
total fee will increase. The UIP of the UIP holders will change as the scale
- 69 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

of the platform expands.

The value of IPUnit tokens: IPUnit will be anchored with the use value
and investment value of IP itself.

The reward patterns available to holders include：

1.

The trading platform, where every IP transactions occur, is charged
to a small percentage of the transaction costs to all the holders of
the currency and to the workers of the autonomous community
committees, the rest will be transferred to the seller.

2.

The trading platform will receive a portion of the initial value of
the IP currency as part of the new chain development cost when
each transaction generates an IPUnit. A portion of the cost will be
distributed to all holders of the currency in reward, and the rest
will be used for technical developments and equipment expansion
of the platform

3.

In the future, platform will also match the funds for entertainment
IP incubation and fund construction. A portion of the profits
generated in the future will be paid in full to the currency holder.
- 70 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

In addition to ensure the remaining profits will continue to invest
in the platform, IP hatch and copyright procurement in future. The
economic benefits of this batch of IP hatching will be returned to
all UIP holders in the same manner. So repeatedly.

4.

In the future, IP operators can draw a lottery for their own
products on the platform, while the transaction platform will
provide the link. All holders of UIP may, upon their own platforms,
select a region and a period of time for the IP operators to
perform the sweepstakes. The UIP holders who have won the prize
have free access to the entertainment, performance or art works
on the basis of electronic vouchers.

7.2 The Industrial Value of the Future Copyright Trading Platform

According to PWC's 2015-2019 year global entertainment and media
industry outlook, released in June 3rd ， revenues from the global
entertainment and media industry will grow at an average annual rate of
5.1% over the next five years，from 2014's 1 trillion and 740 billion U. S.
dollars (about 10 trillion and 790 billion yuan) rose to $2 trillion and 230
billion in 2019 (about 13 trillion and 830 billion yuan).

- 71 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

If the trading platform may cut into the asset transaction section,
according to 1/1000 to count, then by 2019 trading platform trading IP
transactions amounted to 13 billion 830 million Yuan. Trading platform
charges 3% of the transaction costs and the total handling fee will be
41,490,000. Suppose that 80% of these IP choose to generate IPUnit, in
accordance with the collection of 10% development costs, the
development costs of up to 1 billion 380 million yuan. Among these, 20%
are allocated to the UIP holders, and the UIP holders will receive a total
handling fee of RMB 27 million 600 thousand Yuan. In 2019, according to
the above calculation, all the UIP holders will receive 69 million 90
thousand Yuan.

7.3 Distribution of Tokens
At present, Lianyu Technology Company will release 1 billion UIP to the
community.

The entire ICO project is organized in two ICO phases, including:

In the first phase, ICO will distribute 30% tokens for private and regular
public offerings members;
- 72 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The second phase of ICO will be on the trading platform after the line,
the specific time will be announced in advance.

Irregularly and irrationally scheduled market throw in will be placed
based on specific market conditions to make every efforts to ensure the
interests of holders of UIP.

25% will be used as the promotion fund for community;

15% will be used on members, with a two-year lockout period: The first
half will be thawed for the first year, and the second will be thawed for
the next year. At the same time, the team reserves the right to continue
to freeze tokens at the end of the lockout period.

7.4 Proportions of Fund Spending

After the success of ICO, we will allocate the funds for the aspects as
follows. For the specific financial expenses, we will show quarterly
financial statements in the future.

- 73 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

In total:

About 30% are used for platform infrastructure, technical building,
administrative facilities and employee recruitment;
About 32% IP for high quality copyright purchases, financing and
financial support for the quality and content of hatching or cross IP,
expand IP trading contents, increase market depth;
About 12% is used to invest and support the relevant blockchain
entertainment industry team to form business or technology alliances;
About 8% special funds for IP future copyright incubator fund
construction;
About 8% for market publicity, resource expansion;
About 4% legal support for domestic and transnational transactions;
About 4% for advanced technology development and product upgrades;
About 2% for the service expenditure formerly used on the autonomous
community.

The above proportion is calculated by the team through rigorous
calculations for the proportion of fund distribution. At the end of the ICO,
the future copyright of UIP will be modified in the proportion of fund
spending in accordance with specific situations, and a public notice to all
currency holders will be issued promptly for any changes made.
- 74 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

8. Compliance and Information Disclosure

UIP projects will strictly comply with relevant state policies, laws and
regulations,

and

actively

embrace

the

government's

relevant

supervision. Lianyu Technological Corporation, which is the founder of
UIP, will reach a national and local government authorized block chain
industrial park landing and strictly follow related requirement of relevant
supervision. We will strive to build a UIP model demonstration project
for the domestic block chain industry. Detailed methods are as follows:

1. In the ICO phase, investors are fully aware of the risks involved in the
project. The project has the right to refuse to accept those investments
who is without the ability to identify risks or take risks.

2. To disclose information about the project to the local government of
where the principal company is founded, including the white paper, team
members, business model, fund use plan, project characteristics,
development objectives, development strategy, risk assessment, ICO
plans and so on.
- 75 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

3. To achieve a positive understanding of the global ICO related laws and
regulations, to promote the regulatory development process ICO.

In order to effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of
investors, after the success of ICO, UIP team will disclose the use of
funds and significant progress regularly to protect the legitimate rights
and interests of investors.

Information disclosure plan:

1.

The funds raised by UIP will be earmarked for UIP related research
and development, market development and ecological
construction

2.

We will disclose quarterly usage and earnings of UIP funds (if any)

3.

Quarterly disclosure of research & development progress,
operation progress and future work plan

4.

We will disclose at any time about major research & development
and operational results

9. Promotions and Visual Design
- 76 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

With respect for the results of each team member's work, this section
focuses on the visual and promotional support of the project. We want
to ensure that every detail is perfect besides business logic and
technology development.

9.1 Logo design

IP, intellectual property, in fact, it should really be abbreviated as IPR,
which stands for intellectual property rights. Only the creation of mind,
including music, literature and other works of art, discoveries and
inventions, and all the words, phrases, symbols, and designs devoted to
the author's mind, "Intellectual property" endowed by law with exclusive
rights is what we are familiar with as "IP".

The creation is a mysterious force, and some great creators feel that it is
God who created his own hand. And where is God? Where does this
mysterious power come from? No one can say clearly, because of the
vastness of the universe, the insignificance of human beings. But it is
- 77 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

undeniable that those who seem to be through the stars, through the
shackles of time and space, shuttling in the truth and art of the "little
human", created countless miracles, which light up the world like a
lighthouse.

Meanwhile, in the process of the development of human civilization,
mankind is increasingly aware that we have been creating and
beautifying our lives with our own wisdom, and promote the continuous
progress of society. While the human civilization is beautifying the
society, the works of art made by it in turn feeds back on themselves.

On such basis, we believe that UIP's LOGO design principles should be
the logo needs to show that human beings are both maternal and
intellectual and need to have strong human attributes.

- 78 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

- 79 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

This logo has several meanings:

- 80 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

1.

The first is the cerebral cortex, figure for the ongoing transmission
of wisdom;

2.

The second are eyes, cochlea, fingerprint, which represent the
process of artistic creation of visual, auditory and tactile;

3.

The third is the worship towards human reproduction. Graphics
are like a womb, pregnant with anything that can be transmitted
by intelligence. On the other hand, it shows the trading platform is
the mother of an IP.

This idea combines the concept of the Alien design.

- 81 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The origin of this special monster set is a combined organism of sex,
reproduction and death. Based on the Prometheus setting in Greek
mythology, In Greek mythology, man was created by the prophet
Prometheus of the Titans. He taught human knowledge, and even stole
fire for mankind, so he became a sinner. In Plo Michel Sri, man was the
offspring of a giant who was executed. Man is the sinner beyond their
grand cosmic plans; the earth should not have such a highly intelligent
race, who even have the same genes as the mastermind. As a
consequence, they should be wiped out.

- 82 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Fundamentally speaking, human beings are creatures of advanced
intelligence. The collection of IP products represents a collection of
human intellectual achievements.

9.2 Video Shooting and Post Production
For video shooting, in the early stages we have carried out various
consultations and shooting program with many entertainment industry
directors and stars. We have also shooted with three video teams in the
United States, China and Japan and cooperated with the best animators
in China to present the most interesting and clearest way of the future
values behind entertainment IP trading platform about block and chain
technologies, using Motion Graphic together with narration.

9.3 Promotion of Resources

At present, the team has a wealth of national promotional resources.
Through "strong advertising + public relations + fine packaging + strong
virus + multi interaction + wide difference industry + joint brand" scene
marketing matrix, and based on national policies, we carry out

- 83 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

appropriate promotion and marketing for our ICO progress and block
chain project. Among them, the list of media promotion resources
include:

Tencent quality media resource matrix:
QQ, WeChat, Tencent news, Tencent, Tencent, AIO, pop daily newsletter,
Tencent video, Tencent music, QQ space, Tencent, micro-blog, financial
pay through, micro loans, Tencent administration and so on.

1. Tencent: media news recommendation
2. Tencent Entertainment: column
3. Daily Express: accurate push users
4. Tencent Video: column production
5. QQ space: tribal space
6. Tencent Video: movies, concerts live
7. Tencent Music: concert, digital record, online release
8. Tencent video, Tencent music (digital ID record)
9. Tencent - Dacheng network Tencent, big Chu, Tencent, Tencent
network Hunan Chongqing net, Tencent Henan network, Tencent,
Tencent Jiangsu Guangdong Net Net, Tencent, Tencent (Jing Jinji) net
Yan Da min net, net, Tencent, Tencent, Tencent Daliaohe Dashen
network network, Tencent Zhejiang network etc.
- 84 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

The following resources are also included:

1.

the website PR – the four mainstream major portals, financial,
financial, entertainment, science and technology, public, local,
regional, enterprise, brand and other vertical sites put vertical
resources;

2.

Double micro KOL alliance, Internet, entertainment & movies,
information, emotion, sports, science and technology, automobile,
finance, games, management, lifestyle, health care category,
business class, maternal and child class, mobile phone digital
hardware, literature, education, real estate class, tourist class,
furniture and other micro media Alliance Resources

3.

Circle of friends KOL - high quality friends, super 4000+ personal
circle of friends, KOL resources

4.

Online Alliance - today's headlines platform, Taobao Daren League,
micro Community Alliance, QQ media alliance, know almost,
Penguin number Alliance

5.

News client - all kinds of news client (such as Tencent news, Sohu
news, NetEase news, etc.) topics, soft Wen, advertising,
information flow and other promotional resources

6.

DSP program - major DSP program purchase and put resources
- 85 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

7.

Video platform - patches, focus maps, feature pages and other
advertising resources

8.

The most important traditional media in the country, such as
television, radio, newspapers, magazines, subways, buses,
buildings, communities, airports and high-speed railways, and so
on.

9.

Leisure places - KTV, nightclubs, bars, restaurants, shopping streets
and other places of leisure entertainment. Launch resources on
the screens.

- 86 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Reference

[1] 吴声. 超级 IP-互联网新物种方法论[Z]. 北京市朝阳区惠新东桥甲:
中信出版集团,2016.
[2] 朱志文.

Node.js 区块链开发. 北京市百万庄大街:机械工业出版

社, 2017.
[3] 杨东, 文诚公. 互联网+金融=众筹金融.北京市东城区隆福寺街:
人民出版社，2015
[4] 巴巴拉·明托, 金字塔原理，南海出版公司，2015
[5] 方琳. 教训-互联网创业必须避免的八大误区[M]. 北京市西城区
百万庄大街:腾讯科技频道, 2014.
[6] 李善友. 颠覆式创新-移动互联网时代的生存法则[M]. 北京市百
万庄大街:机械工业出版社, 2014.
[7] 金错刀. 爆品战略. 北京西城区德外大街:北京联合出版公司,
2016.
[8] [日]大岛祥誉/著,王柏静/译. 麦肯锡工作法. 北京市朝阳区惠新东
桥甲:中信出版集团,2014.
[9]

于扬 主编. 中国互联网产业发展年鉴.2016. 北京市东城区东四

十条:东方出版社,2016.
[10] 王世颖.引爆 IP：影游漫文超级 IP 打造之道.北京市丰台区成寿寺
路:人民邮电出版社,2016
[11]

南立新,曲琳.新内容创业. 北京市百万庄大街:机械工业出版社,
- 87 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

2016.
[12]

Global

entertainment

and

media

outlook:

2016-2020,

https://www.pwccn.com/en/industries/telecommunications-media-andtechnology/global-entertainment-and-media-outlook-2016-2020.html
[13]

汪 波 .

区 块 链 做 存 证 的 原 理 及 方 式 ,

https://www.leiphone.com/news/201612/w90dFlRC0JY6Bihk.html
[14]

Vitalik

Buterin,

Merkling-in-Ethereum,

http://blog.ethereum.org/2015/11/15/merkling-in-ethereum
[15]The

DAO

的 硬 分 叉 后 区 分 新 旧 链 的 方 式 ：

https://blog.ethereum.org/2016/07/26/onward_from_the_hard_fork/
[16] 韩 锋 . 量 子 的 不 确 定 性 到 区 块 链 的 算 法 共 识 ，
http://www.sohu.com/a/60560808_358836
[17]邹均，张海宁，唐屹，李磊. 区块链技术指南. 机械工业出版社.
2017
[18]长铗，韩锋. 区块链：从数字货币到信用社会. 中信出版社.2017

- 88 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Disclaimer

This disclaimer does not provide security bids, nor take burden on risks
relevant to UIP.

UIP will build up complete KYC and AML systems, as well as data
interface.

On the basis of building up KYC and AML systems, the users on UIP,
including individuals and corporate enterprises, shall be in real-name
certification by the certification authority (CA) authorized by government
before they formally participate in transaction. When the users initiate
transactions, they can make their deals anonymously out of privacy
protection and other reasons; however, if disputes take place, UIP will
have the right to hand over relative materials to supervision department
and judicial department. UIP will not be responsible for the users’
personal trading behaviors.

- 89 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

UIP is not the original money with general functions of paying and
pricing, but introducing legal money like RMB by means of gateway. UIP
itself is not a kind of digital currency, but a blockchain agreement.
Therefore, it has no legal dispute in relation to currency, and is not some
virtual currency mentioned in the Notice on Preventing the Risk of
Bitcoin presented by five ministries. It can be used to cooperate with
banks and payment institutions.

Stock registration on blockchain goes with electronic signature by
companies with real-name certification. The transference and
transaction of equity shall be signed by the transferor, the transferee and
the company. Before the participation of signing, the company is
obligated to guarantee that the transference and transaction of equity is
in accordance with the regulations under the Company Law, namely
“ The company requires the content of at least half of the original
stockholders.” “The original stockholders shall have the pre-emptive
right.” “The number of stockholders shall be limited.”

（1） UIP has a measurement system on the value of goods, so it is not a virtual
currency.

- 90 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Trading IP Unit coins herein are in the category of “exchange of goods”.
UIP cannot be used in any security markets conducting bargains like IPO,
and it does not support leverage.

（2） Both UIP and IPUnit are not necessarily appreciated.

Every transaction takes risks, so due to market supply and demand, UIP
and some IPUnit would fluctuate at some time. This part of value does
not belong to application value, and we cannot ensure that UIP will
definitely be appreciated. We do not comply with the type of
“Appreciating” virtual currency recommended by some investment
institutions either.

（3） The essence of purchase and transaction of UIP is disintermediation.

We hope the transactions on UIP will go directly to the buyers and the
sellers. We do not recommend any person or group to hand over their
property on our platform for transaction and trusteeship in order to
avoid studying. The UIP developing team will not be responsible for any
losses caused by property fraud.

- 91 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Transactions on the UIP platform are all free of charge before
completion.
Any entertainment IP transactions related to UIP will not be charged with
commission fees until they are successfully done.

（4） Any IPUnit on the future copyright trading platform will not be issued on any
other platforms.

Any IPUnit generated from transaction will be dealt only on our inner
trading platform, which means it will not be issued on any other
platforms.
Buyers should be cautious to choose the purchase platform. Apart from
this point, other sites or platforms that you choose to buy UIP may be
fake. In such case, the UIP team will not be responsible for any losses
caused by that.

（5） UIP is not the certification of ownership, nor has the right to control.

Having UIP will allow you to enter into autonomy community and work
for the well-ordered development of the trading platform by voting, but

- 92 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

how many or few UIP you have does not mean you can take control of
the entire UIP operation team. This team is only obliged to the
construction on the bottom of the trading platform, trading depth and IP
introduction. Having UIP does not have the decision right to the future
development of the UIP team.

（6） The risk for competition industry

The fact that competing goods going listed leads to the risk of getting the
UIP market value reduced is not secluded. For the sake of avoiding its
happening or lowering the odds, the UIP team is doing their best to
contact numerous large IP producers to join in our trading platform. This
will increase the depth of the trading market.

（7） With the key lost, UIP will be lost.

Every UIP account has a key address. Please take good care of it;
otherwise some people will face the loss of their digital property
because of their loss on the address.

- 93 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

（8） The risk of force majeure

As UIP is developed on the basis of the union chain from Tai Yi network,
any problems concerning Tai Yi network, any technological barriers,
breakdowns and other unexpected disturbances brought by the sharing
of passports will possibly cause the value fluctuation of UIP.

（9） Regulatory risks from state policy

The UIP team will be in active contact with the national regulatory
authorities, and also join in the ICO Self-discipline Organization. The
surveillance from state policy herein will be voluntarily open and
transparent to the public. Besides, the team will abide by relevant
national regulations to create a clean market.

（10） Invasions by hackers or other unpredictable people or organizations

（11） The opacity of the application prospect on the blockchain market

In the present time, a large number of blockchain enterprises are
undertaking researches and developments on relevant technologies, but
- 94 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

the future application about the blackchain technology, possible layoffs
of intermediaries caused thereby, and unstable social factors are all
needed to be considered by buyers.

- 95 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Last Words

Let’s imagine a scenario that will possibly happen in several decades:

There will be a chip similar to Paypal or Alipay implanted in your
wearable device. When you go to work, it will be automatically swiped to
take buses or undergrounds. When you have breakfast, it will
automatically pay for it. Every month your company will make use of the
Hash Algorithm to anchor-quantify your work and pay your salary into
your wearable device based on the fixed account. You make friends and
interview job candidates on an interesting platform, even pay out some
fee for your child to treat his congenital disease. Through the screening
process, you can even vote for the contestants you like. And all of these
can be achieved in an anonymous and privacy-protected way. This is the
great revolution that the blockchain technology brings to humanity. It
will have the word “media” redefined.

The latest ICO market has seen that many people are in preparation for
all of the scenarios mentioned above. As for the creative market, when

- 96 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

two different persons draw a piece of artistic work with the content
having been designated during the same time, one can be sold at an
unexpectedly high price, while the other can be worthless.
Immeasurable as art is in value, the IP behind it can exert an integrated
influence due to multiple dimensions including its creativity, value of
resource, trading frequency and grouping effect. It is this kind of
influence that determines the social value of its creations in a certain
amount of time.

We are truly creating an industry ecosystem. Everyone can come up with
an innovative idea, because we are not the team that takes technology
as priority. There are so many good ideas that you and others are putting
into practice at the same time: others set out with the behavioral layout
(“announce first”), while you go with the resource layout (“do well first”).
However, making the resource layout requires cost, time, understanding
and the ability to react. This is why we say “More preparations to make
may quicken the speed in doing work.”

The real advantage of this ecosystem is that, when the investors begin to
treat each team with a rational attitude, realizing everything on the
- 97 -

Unlimited IP White Paper

Internet will eventually go into the Internet of things; when the cost of
hiring intermediaries becomes lower and lower; when ICO begins to hit
the ice spot and those in obsession with playing coins are scattered, the
market will screen out a group of rational people who have passion in
science and technology. Only with the gathering of their power can they
truly change the world.

UIP Team

- 98 -

