USDCoin: A Better Way to Pay
USC SG Private Limited
cs@usc.us

Abstract
USC is an encrypted digital currency that is stable, readily convertible and secured by the
United States dollar. It has been created and is being used as one of the most advanced and
sophisticated payment instruments available. Blockchain is an application for distributed data
storage, through point-to-point transmission, a consensus mechanism and an encryption algorithm,
that achieves consensus among participants without any third parties involved, enabling reliable
transmission of trust and value at extremely low costs. While cryptocurrency is a media that
transmits value in the blockchain, payment serves as the area where blockchain is most likely to
produce real value. The price fluctuation of encrypting digital currency is a problem for applying
blockchain payment to reality. By referring to the linked exchange rate system in Hong Kong, and
legal tender as a reserve, the cryptocurrency is issued on the blockchain in accordance with fixed
proportions, while a payment gateway of exchange between legal tender and cryptocurrency is
provided for all users, thus ensuring price stability of the cryptocurrency, and reducing price
volatility caused by speculation.

1

1. Introduction
As an underlying technology of bitcoin and other digital currencies, blockchain emerged along
with a new generation of digital currencies. The core innovation of blockchain is that it creates an
electronic payment system based on password authentication rather than trusted intermediaries,
allowing the transaction parties to trade in the absence of any third party.
Unlike traditional payment technologies, blockchain payments provide advantages, including:
an algorithm-based consensus mechanism, decentralized credit systems, broker-free trading systems
and improved transaction costs. In addition, a distributed network reduces risks of traditional
centralized financial systems; and new tamper-proof accounting process facilitates supervision and
audit.
Blockchain technology presents unique advantages in the field of payments, but the current
mainstream public chains are constrained by the number of transactions per second they can handle.
Take, for example, Bitcoin with its measly 7 transactions per second at peak and Ethereum with an
only slightly higher figure of 25. By contrast, the Visa network handles up to 10,000 transactions
per second, while Alipay's record is 120,000, acheived in 2016. USC relies on multi-cross public
chains and its infrastructure is extremely efficient. Among public chains equipped with smart
contracts, its throughput of 1,000 on-chain transactions per second has far outperformed other
mainstream public chains, meeting USD’s current demands.
Mainstream cryptocurrencies’ price volatility increases market speculation, bringing
uncertainty to economic activities and complicating the completion of transactions. Since an
unstable cryptocurrency is not suited to frequent daily trading, the price of cryptocurrency needs to
be stabilized. In reference to the linked exchange rate system in Hong Kong, note-issuing banks, at
a rate of 1 USD = 7.8 HKD, pay in USD to the exchange fund in advance, to obtain a Certificate of
Indebtedness in the equivalent value of HKD before additional HKD banknotes are issued.
Meanwhile, the government also promises that the HKD banknotes, having returned from
circulation, are reversed into USD by note-issuing banks at the same rate. US dollar, a legal tender,
is used as a reserve, and the cryptocurrency USC is proportionately issued on the chain in light of
the reserve quantity.

2

USC is issued based on multi-cross public networks with the following attributes as a
cryptocurrency:
• USC can be freely exchanged in a P2P, anonymous, safe and decentralized environment.
• USC integrates multi-cross public chain’s traits.
• USC is based on a RDPoS consensus mechanism smart contract platform, able to issue or destroy
tokens through smart contract in transparent way and it can be used or saved in numerous wallets;
such as Achain, Ethereum, etc.
A 24/7 payment gateway for exchange between legal tender and cryptocurrency is provided for
all users, allowing them to make such exchange in a convenient and economic way. In addition,
users may also acquire USC through exchanges and personal transactions. The USD amount in
reserve shall never be less than the USC amount in circulation. The quantity of circulated USC can
be checked via open-source browsers. USC SG deposits USD reserves to a plurality of trusted
banks, and regularly publishes the reserve amounts in the bank accounts which will be audited by
third-party agencies before announcing results. However, issuing and destroying USC in such a
manner is not complete decentralization, so efforts should be made for some prospective
improvement.
1. Collaboration with trusted banks to open the banks’ API interfaces, with smart contracts based
on multi-chains used to to issue or destroy USC, thus decentralizing the procedure.
2. As managers for their bank accounts, companies will invite third-party agencies for regulation
and auditing, so that balance and capital flow in their accounts will be more transparent.
3. USC SG communicates with all relevant government and regulatory institutions to facilitate the
regulation of blockchain payment applications.
4. USC SG invites media to announce stable currencies’ area of utilization.

3

5. USC SG invites independent rating institutions and coin holders to rate and evaluate USC.

2. Stable Digital Currency Overview
Money has three main functions: a medium of exchange, a value of scale and a value of
storage. Among them, perhaps the most promising function in cryptocurrency lies in its function as
a medium of exchange since the magnitude of price changes in most cryptocurrencies affects their
role as a measure of value and storage. Compared with the stable value-storage medium of gold,
BTC has shown great volatility in its history, and other digital currencies such as ETH, BCH, etc.
have shown similar characteristics. The fluctuations of encrypted digital currencies may increase
their speculative power, but in the long run, this has greatly hindered their application in practical
life.
Firstly, as a medium of exchange, neither institutions nor individuals can accept the risk of
unnecessary price fluctuations. Therefore, at present, the magnitude of fluctuations displayed by
digital currencies makes it difficult for large companies and individuals to use the technology as
medium for payment. Secondly, the price of digital currencies fluctuates greatly, making the
medium a very difficult price scale. Take for example, the case of Bitcoin: in general, users cannot
use Bitcoin to price real estate or automobiles. Although digital currency is easy to store and
portability is very suitable as a value store, currently Bitcoin and Ethereum cannot provide users
with a hedging function. Therefore, if we can combine the existing advantages of digital currencies
with stability, we will be able to enable more innovation and applications in the digital currency
field and beyond. Many innovations and applications in the field of cryptocurrency have also been
shelved due to price instability, thence designing a stable digital currency has long been an area of
great concern.
Right now, the price of non-stable digital currencies in the market are subject to price
fluctuations due to the market supply and demand. All stable currencies therefore require a
reference system as a link. Stable currencies can be linked to the US dollar, gold, etc, so that their
price is not affected by the cryptocurrency market. The problems that they might encounter are the
question of how to maintain the corresponding hooking mechanism for long enough, and the
question of what kind of reference standard to choose to hook to. An ideal stable currency should be
able to withstand significant market fluctuations without excessive costs to maintain, and allow for
the easy analysis of stability parameters, as well as providing complete transparency to traders and
arbitrageurs, maximizing their practical stability. There are several different stable digital currencies
on the market, but from the basics of design, they can be summarized by the following three basic
scenarios:
2.1. Stable Digital Currency Secured by Legal Assets
If you want to design a stable digital currency, the most direct way is to start with the mortgage
of legal assets. The legal assets in question can be international currencies, gold, crude oil, etc. For
example, depositing U.S. dollar into a bank account and issuing a stable currency with a 1:1
4

conversion ratio. When the user wants to settle the stable currency in U.S. dollars, he or she will
convert the stable currency back to U.S. dollars. This is the most simple and stable digital currency
design scheme. In addition to the underlying technology of the blockchain to support stable
currencies, this scheme requires one or more banks as the interface for users to deposit and
withdraw currency. Strictly speaking, this kind of program is not decentralized. Therefore, to ensure
the transparency and credibility of digital currency, custodians need regular inspections by
professional audit firms. The custodian also needs excellent technical and operational capabilities to
ensure the safety and stability of the assets.
However, this centralization can bring with it the greatest degree of price stability. This
solution can withstand any cryptocurrency fluctuations because all collateral is stored as a statutory
reserve and can remain unchanged in the case of devaluation of the cryptocurrency. The statutory
support programs are highly regulated and constrained by the traditional payment framework. If you
want to withdraw the stable currency and reclaim legal assets, you need to do so by remittance or
mailing. This process is not only time-consuming but also expensive. Other than USC, currently in
the market, USDT, TrueUSD, and Digix Global are available. USDT and TrueUSD are secured in
US Dollars, while Digix Global uses gold as collateral. However, the fundamental properties are the
same.

Advantages

Disadvantages

Easy and straightforward

Currency issuance and recovery rates are
constrained by the speed of bank liquidation

Stable price

The custodian needs to ensure credibility and
custody

Collateral exists in physical banks or other
entities and is not subject to cybersecurity

2.2. Stable Digital Currency Secured by Digital Currencies
The second type of stable currency is directly secured by a digital currency and does not require
integration with traditional payments. If we abandon legal assets, we can also avoid centralization.
The design idea is to use another cryptocurrency reserve as collateral. Everything is done in the
blockchain and does not involve legal assets as collateral. The problem with this approach is that
cryptocurrencies (such as Bitcoin and Ethereum) are inherently unstable, meaning that the value of
collateral will be in constant flux. The value of the stable currency should obviously not fluctuate,
so the solution is to ensure that the stable number of issuances have sufficient collateral to deal with
the volatility of collateral prices.
Advantages

Disadvantages

5

Independent of legal assets

The price of collateral is not stable and can even
be liquidated automatically when the price
collapses

Mortgage of digital currency assets can
be liquidated quickly and at a low price

Affected by the specific mortgaged underlying
digital currency

Digital currency used for mortgage is
open and transparent

Low capital use efficiency

Can be used to create leverage

More complex than legal currency
mortgage

The first stable currency to use this scheme was BitUSD (with BitShares used as collateral)
created by Dan Larimer in 2013.Since then, MakerDAO's Dai has been widely regarded as the most
promising stable currency secured by a cryptocurrency as collateral (Ethernet).
2.3. Unsecured Stable Currency
With an in-depth understanding of the encryption field, you might ask the question: Why must
we must use collateral to underpin the stable currency? In any case, arbitrageurs only need to
believe that our stable currency will eventually be traded for one US dollar. Can the United States
not get rid of the gold standard stop support from underlying assets? Perhaps this means that
collateral is not necessary, and stable currencies can take the same pattern.
Advantages

Disadvantages

No collateral required

Too complex

Centralized and independent (unlimited to any
other digital or fiat currency)

Most of the assets are vulnerable to
falling or crashed assets and cannot be
liquidated
Difficult to analyze safety limits and
healthy conditions

To maintain price parity, algorithm-backed stable coins attempt to control their money supply
through monetary policy. They do this by expanding and contracting the available supply of coins
on the market. For example, if the price of a stable coin is too high, the stable coin protocol’s
algorithm will mint new units and introduce them into the market — increasing the supply until
price parity. If the price is too low, the algorithm will buy up the stable coin on the market by
selling bonds at a discount. These bonds entitle their holders the right to one unit of a stable coin at
a future date incentivizing stable coin holders to sell their stable coins for bonds and decreasing the
total supply until price parity.
USDT

USC.ACT USC.ETH
6

USC.EOS

Transaction Speed

7 TPs

Up to 1000
TPS

Up to 25
TPS

Up to 3000
TPS

Consensus Algorithm

PoW & PoS

RDPoS

PoW

DPoS

Trading
Confirmation Time

1 hour

30 seconds

Bank Reserves
Transparency

Non-Transparent

Transparent

USD Convertibility

Only traded if seller and buyer
meets

Traded and exchanged 24/7 directly via
bank account

Affected by Base
Currency

Affected by BTC price

ACT price does not affect USC.

Service Fees

Service charges generally over 1
USD.

Only “gas” expenses (not over 0.5 cents
per transaction) is necessary based on
Achain smart contracts.

Funds Flow Process
USC circulation
follows:

generally

progresses

as

• User deposits appropriate USD funds into
the company’s bank account
• In accordance with the USD amount
deposited, company releases corresponding
USC at 1:1 to user’s target chain address.
• User deposits USC to the address of
company wallet and exchanges it
into USD.
• Company sends USD into the user’s bank
account and destroys the USC.

4. Proof of Solvency
7

Executed by our company through smart contracts, each issuance or destruction of USC indicates a
sum of USD deposited into or withdrawn from the bank account. This process is always performed
at a rate of 1 USD = 1 USC.
To demonstrate our exchanging capability, the quantity of circulated USC and balance in the bank
accounts will be disclosed periodically. This measure ensures the balance is not less than the
amount of circulated USC, and manifests that our company is able to exchange USC in circulation.
The quantity of circulated USC is properly disclosed, as USC is an asset issued based on public
chains, and all records can be queried via blockchain browsers.
ETH Contract address: 0x2C5dcd12141c56FBEa08e95f54f12c8B22d492Eb
ACT Contract address: CON92cJUVM6qS9qp1ihnJB5DJrf1pP9F2fSB
The dynamic disclosure of bank account balances and capital flows requires supports from banks,
so professional third-party agencies will be invited to make regular audits and publish results
publicly. The amounts of USC in circulation will be collected and disclosed according to time
points of bank accounts.
Afterwards, closer cooperation with banks should be expected, to make the process more functional
in real-time and convenient.

5. USC Main Applications
Stable encrypted digital currencies play an indispensable role in the increasingly popular
currency-to-currency trading market, which is more adaptive for daily transactions than other
volatile digital currencies.
5.1 Exchange
At present, digital currency exchanges are classified into currency-to-currency exchanges and
legal tender exchanges. For traditional currency exchanges, legal tender is the most commonly used.
Utilizing a traditional financial system presents many problems, such as complicated access, long
time periods, high risk, large trading costs, and obstructed global circulation for legal tenders.
For currency-to-currency exchanges, assets owned by users are digital currencies, which use
blockchain directly as an access channel, and are free from regulation and limitation by
anti-money-laundering rules. The open API in blockchain optimizes and accelerates the process of
confirming deposited or withdrawn assets, and introduces the exchange to more users by relying on
the global nature of digital currencies. As the global volume of currency-to-currency transactions
has surpassed that for digital assets to legal tenders, currency-to-currency exchanges are becoming
extremely popular.

8

How stable digital currencies impact currency-to-currency exchanges is analogous to how legal
tenders impact traditional exchanges, where users, who demand profits preferentially, require a
stable digital currency as a medium to reduce risk during speculation. When bullish, users exchange
the stable currency into a more volatile one to obtain earnings, and when bearish, they do the
opposite to avoid risk. If there are no stable digital currencies in an exchange for avoidance, users
can encounter grave risks.
In digital currency exchanges, there is a class of users who profit from different digital
currencies’ prices in exchanges, which may be exemplified by a loop achieved by buying currencies
from platform A, then selling them to platform B at a higher price, and transferring funds from
platform B back to A. For such circulation processes, stable digital currencies can provide the
following advantages:
• Stable digital currencies are international currencies, meaning they can cover more alternative
exchanges without exchanges among legal tenders
• Stable digital currencies are free from any losses caused by price fluctuation during deposits and
withdrawals

9

• Stable digital currencies are based on open-source blockchain network, offering better API
services to minimize handling times and seize market opportunities
5.2 Payment
Blockchain’s distributed structure and low-cost trust-construction mechanism present new
methods to solve and optimize defects related to payments. The low-cost trust-construction
mechanism helps construct a social trust system; the distributed network reduces systemic risks
implicit in financial systems; new accounting processes resist tampering and facilitate supervision
and audit directly; real-time trading systems in full range improves payment efficiency, allowing
real-time supervision and enhanced compliance for participating enterprise; trading systems with
weakened intermediary roles reduce transaction costs; and smart contracts based on the blockchain
promote the evolution of smart financial payment.
• Reducing costs: blockchain presents incomparable advantages in terms of infrastructure
construction, multi-system connections, and trading procedures.
• Infrastructure construction: as the core of traditional payment system, infrastructure serves as
proprietary equipment and network among banks or for banks themselves, while the infrastructure
of blockchain payments can utilize existing network facilities, extending the coverage of current
payment systems at lower costs.
• Multi-system connections: traditional payment systems require unified institutions to enable
direct liquidation of banks, where agencies are necessary among banks and payment
organizations, resulting in high expenses for banks operated under a proxy mechanism. However,
blockchain is constructed with a unified network, and equipped with a uniform consensus
mechanism, which is convenient to link different payment organizations, and shows great cost
advantages in multi-system connections.
• Trading procedures: blockchain is more competitive in terms of the daily operational costs, whose
payment and liquidation need no trusted intermediary interventions. This can decrease the
maintenance costs of trust intermediaries.
• Enhancing efficiency: without involving any agencies, blockchain is able to realize end-to-end
payment for both parties, eliminating the time cost of additional liquidation among different
payment organizations and optimizing transaction cycles. The blockchain payment system needs
no extra construction of infrastructure, but can expand directly on the existing network, and
quickly establish a globalized mechanism.
• Reconstruction of credit system for control and auditing: the advantage of blockchain is that it can
rely on algorithms to automatically and faithfully record each transaction and store this
information on every computer in the blockchain network. All records have the characteristics of
full-process tracking and cannot be falsified. This greatly facilitates the establishment of a credit
system and facilitates the supervision and auditing of transactions.

10

• Zero margin costs: benefiting from cheap infrastructure and marginal HR costs, blockchain
payment systems hold natural advantages in terms of extensive expansion and compatibility with
underlying networks, meaning it is suitable for international expansion. Like internet applications,
blockchain payment systems also display obvious scale advantages.
As for costs and efficiency, blockchain shows unique advantages in payment, but it is still too
early to replace existing payment systems. In order to grow better, blockchain needs to combine and
integrate with current payment systems to eliminate its defects and achieve an upgrade in
capabilities. Currently, several blockchain applications are engaged in combining which are
integrating digital currencies into the Visa system, so as to reduce payment costs and increase
efficiency.
Stable digital currencies issued strictly at 1 USD = 1 USC are more acceptable in blockchain
payment systems than other volatile ones. As more of the population recognize and use USC, the
blockchain payment made by USC will become more efficient and convenient.
5.3 Storage
Another function of USC as a stable currency is its function as a medium of storage, allowing
greater suitability than unstable digital currencies. When the digital currency market fluctuates
greatly, investors are reluctant to invest in other currencies, and USC becomes a very good hedge.
Users can also store USC in their wallets. Real-time transfers can be made between wallets and
exchanges.

6. Conclusion
In the future, it is necessary to explore better methods to issue and destroy cryptocurrencies, as well
as methods to publicize bank accounts, so as to demonstrate capabilities of exchanging
cryptocurrencies.
Our payment gateway will be improved further, thereby allowing all users across the planet to
perform exchange between legal tender and our digital currency in an efficient and economical way.
In addition, there will be more collaboration with exchanges, wallet tools and merchants, providing
more application scenarios and mobility for our cryptocurrency.

11

