The future of online payments is here
utrust.io

Version 1.0.2
2 November 2017
Amended 8 November 2017

UTRUST Switzerland AG © 2017

TABLE OF CONTENTS
PREAMBLE ......................................................................................................................... 3
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ..................................................................................................... 4
VISION ................................................................................................................................. 6
PROBLEM ............................................................................................................................ 6
SOLUTION ........................................................................................................................... 7
BLOCKCHAIN, ICOs AND FUTURE OF PAYMENTS ........................................................ 7
PLATFORM & TOKEN ........................................................................................................ 11
The UTRUST Payment Platform .............................................................................................................. 11

THE UTRUST TOKEN (UTK) ............................................................................................. 18
Value and Strategy ..................................................................................................................................... 18
Token implementation ............................................................................................................................... 19
Legal and Regulatory Remarks .............................................................................................................. 20

PLATFORM MARKET FIT ................................................................................................ 22
TIMELINE & MILESTONES .............................................................................................. 26
ICO Details .................................................................................................................................................... 26
Development Roadmap ............................................................................................................................ 30

THE TEAM ......................................................................................................................... 32
Contributors .................................................................................................................... 37
Security ......................................................................................................................................................... 37
Protection ..................................................................................................................................................... 37
Advisory and information disclosure ................................................................................................... 37

2

PREAMBLE
The purpose of this document is to provide information regarding the UTRUST
project, its core conceptual idea, business model, competitive advantages, team,
ICO details and roadmap towards the 1st MVP (Minimum Viable Product). A more
technical description of core architecture and APIs will follow after the ICO funding
phase.

UTRUST started from a simple idea, born from a tale of personal hands-on
frustration using current offerings in crypto-payment systems and our desire to
build a better platform. After condensing the original concept into a pitch
presentation, we relentlessly reached out to interested partners and organically
built our team. Along this journey, we found great partners and mentors who were
strongly committed and excited to work with the ever-progressing vision of
UTRUST, while aiding in the refinement of our proposal for the market. Now as we
drive towards the ICO stage, we thank everyone that supported us and hope to
surpass the expectations set forth by the community in the future.

This whitepaper has been published on 2 November 2017 and amended on 8
November 2017. We recommend following updates on the UTRUST website and
other official media channels, for new information and updates.

3

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
UTRUST will be a revolutionary payment platform that enables buyers to use their
favorite cryptocurrency in order to pay sellers (private or merchants). We provide
sellers with the safety and convenience of receiving funds in fiat currency, and offer
the best consumer-protection to buyers, by acting as trusted mediators. We
combine the best payment protection features of current generation fiat systems
with the innovative features of blockchain while blending in the unique features
provided by our own token.
KEY SUMMARY
PRE-ICO START DATE

28th August 2017, 4pm UTC

ICO START DATE

2nd November 2017, 2pm UTC

ROUNDS

1 Pre-sale + 1 Single Round

TOKEN SYMBOL

UTK

TOKEN POOL SUPPLY

500,000,000 (five hundred
million)

PRE-ICO ROUND VALUE

$0,03 (3 cents)

ICO ROUND VALUE

$0,065 (6.5 cents)

MAX CROWDSALE CAP

$21.375 MM

ACCEPTED CONTRIBUTIONS

BTC & ETH

TOKEN PROTOCOL

ETH, ERC20

The UTRUST platform aims to provide the
consumer protection that buyers take for
granted in traditional online purchases,
acting as a mediator, resolving conflicts and
enabling the possibility of refunds to mitigate
fraud, while shielding the merchant from
crypto-market volatility. We want to build

upon the best features of cryptocurrencies to enable fast transactions, lower fees
and low cross-border transaction friction, enabling merchants to sell to a growing
worldwide audience of crypto-holders. In summation, we aim to build a payment
API for marketplace integration that will become the crypto-contender to PayPal.

All aforementioned features we intend to integrate would make for an incredible
product in its own right, the first of its kind in the world of crypto-payments and one
that could be funded by venture capital investment alone. We decided to go a step
beyond creating an innovative idea and product, by offering the chance for anyone
in the world to become a supporter, leveraging the power of an Initial Coin Offering
(ICO) and issue our own UTRUST token (UTK) alongside the UTRUST platform. In

4

essence, the token will act as a contribution from our supporters, as a transactional
token, that buyers can use in the UTRUST Platform itself alongside other major
coins, and as a financial mechanism linking the UTK value to the UTRUST platform
value - our strategic value-coupling mechanism.

This is an ambitious endeavor intended to build a comprehensive software platform
from the ground-up, while bringing tangible value to our supporters, in the form of
token appreciation, and to the community of buyers and sellers, driving its future
growth in the form of platform transactions. We believe cryptocurrencies are
evolving to become much more than speculation and are here to stay in the minds
and wallets of consumers. This is a game-changer that we know can change how
merchants and buyers use cryptocurrencies and we believe that the only missing
link is a platform of mediation and trust. The UTRUST platform.

On August 28 2017, we opened a pre-ICO of $1.5 MM to observe community interest
in our project. After the round closure, and if it matches our expectations, we will
be targeting an ICO starting on 2nd November 2017, in order to obtain a total
financial leverage of $49 MM. This amount was further reduced to $21.375 MM for
the extension of the ICO’s deadline.

The funds will fuel our passion to disrupt online payments with cryptocurrency,
financing development of MVP (Minimum Viable Product), marketing operations,
merchant adoption incentives and team expansion. What we have achieved so far
is the result of the efforts of a diverse and highly-skilled team, who has targeted
our ambitious roadmap. At this stage we need your support, and dare we say, your
trust.

5

VISION
We believe that one of the key roles of cryptocurrencies in the digital age is to
facilitate transactions and serve as a frictionless and secure payment method with
broad acceptance. We believe current payment platforms are lacking the
necessary features to drive broad merchant and user adoption. Digital tokens are
more than an asset for financial speculation and ICOs can be leveraged to fund
agile teams with the drive to build new platforms; platforms with real value, driven
by growth in the transactions of goods and services, and financially sustained by a
revenue from fair fees.

PROBLEM
Despite the industrial disruption and technological advances that blockchain
provides, one area that is still largely untapped is digital payments between buyers
and sellers of physical services. Digital payment systems have been a holdout of
larger industry incumbents, with more legacy APIs and agreements with traditional
financial institutions, banks and credit cards. Despite the advantages of crypto
payments, such as ultra-low fees, speed and low barrier of entry, clear and
developed advancement in transactional security has yet to be implemented to the
market. Buyers desire and have come to expect a robust consumer protection
system that protects their purchases and provides refunds. Sellers on the other
hand would love to earn more revenue but are cautious of the volatility issues
associated with accepting cryptocurrencies. Wouldn’t it be amazing if we could
have the best of both worlds? This is a mutual trust dilemma we aim to solve with
the UTRUST platform.

6

SOLUTION
Our aim is to build a next-generation payment gateway allowing buyers to use their
favorite cryptocurrency to buy goods and services with confidence from merchants,
incorporating a robust PayPal-like consumer protection and dispute resolution
scheme. We aim to drive adoption of the API by merchants by providing them a
way to receive fiat currency directly from cryptocurrency buyers, shielding the
merchant from market volatility and decreasing the risk of accepting cryptocurrency.

BLOCKCHAIN, ICOs AND FUTURE OF PAYMENTS
"It’s crazy that most retailers still don’t accept bitcoin payments"
th

Jonathan Johnson, Medici Ventures President, 14 July 2017

With the blockchain industry reaching its post-inception phase, many keytechnology foundations are now mature enough to build robust consumer-facing
products reaching a wider audience. Many wonder what is the next big thing in
Fintech, what is the next disruption and where we are headed. As with any new
technology, blockchain is driving change in many areas of traditional business,
forcing incumbents to adapt their more traditional business models. From banking,
insurance, equity trading, venture capital, logistics and governance, everyone is
being affected, with new products redefining the way we think of money,
transactions, value and trust. We have made great strides from the early days of
bitcoin being traded in private forums, to exchanges and application platforms
powered by smart-contracts.

Though we have already made significant advancements, this is just one stage in
the digitalization of money. With the cryptocurrency market predicted to reach a

7

sizable 5 trillion in the year 2025 according to major market analysts1, we believe
this is the time to go beyond tokens as purely speculative investment platforms and
begin leveraging ICOs to build platforms with tangible value and ambition to
disrupt. According to Q2 2017 ICO data, over $1.2 billion in funding has been raised;
however, this amount represents a small fraction of the funds invested by more
traditional Venture Capital funds in startups worldwide.

Figure 1 - Amount raised by ICOs in 2017 (YTD), in $MM

1

Bloomberg, https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-27/novogratzsays-cryptocurrencies-face-monster-regulatory-risks
8

Figure 2 - ICO Investment Growth, 2017 (YTD)

We believe that this momentum will only accelerate with future growth leveraged
by ICOs that build upon established protocol layers and build next-gen commercial
ecosystems backed by a token economy. Currently key protocol foundations are in
place to build a new faster and scalable online payment gateway. A platform you
can use for paying goods and services, free from constraints of legacy payment
processors built around credit cards and offer more than other crypto-centered
platforms today. We believe the payment arena is one of the key value-generating
uses for cryptocurrencies going forward, and that the UTRUST platform will be able
to create value for its 3 major stakeholders: the buyer, the merchant and the initial
token contributors.

For buyers, we aim to minimize the risk of scams and fraud while
paying online, providing full payment protection of purchases and
acting as mediator of all transactions. We strive to be the best choice for buyers, by
minimizing the amount of service fees for each transaction in comparison to other
system. Our goal is to increase the purchasing power of cryptocurrency by
providing buyers more and safer outlets to spend their acquired crypto-holdings,

9

which will further drive the variety of merchant offers, expand market consumption
and size.

For merchants, we aim to provide a way to expand their client base
and sale revenue by targeting a wider audience of cryptocurrency
holders. This untapped market of users has amassed a large number of assets that
continue to grow in valuation with limited outlets that stimulate spending. By
providing the merchants the ability to receive in fiat currency, we will tackle one of
the major gripes of accepting cryptocurrencies in a highly volatile economy,
effectively shielding the merchant against crypto volatility and assuring the amount
received for the purchase. Additionally, we will mitigate common risks associated
with traditional payment methods by removing the possibility of chargebacks,
stolen credit card information and fraud.

For Contributors, we aim to provide an opportunity to fund a platform
with real value in its operating business model beyond mere token
speculation. The UTK will not only have a role in the UTRUST Platform as an
accepted token alongside other cryptocurrencies offering the advantage of fee
waivering, but will also be synergistically tied to the platform in a strategic value
coupling. Each time a buyer pays with any cryptocurrency via the UTRUST payment
platform, a small percentage of the transactional fee is removed from the market
and burned in the form of a UTK. This reduces the UTK supply further driving
demand, the adoption of the platform, and the value for contributors. In essence,
the higher the volume of transactions in the UTRUST platform, the higher the
potential value of the UTK for contributors in the future.

10

PLATFORM & TOKEN
The UTRUST Payment Platform
The UTRUST platform will be a payment processor solution that enables merchants
to accept multiple cryptocurrencies from buyers while receiving their funds in fiat
currency. We aim to establish our solution as the best in the market, offering a few
distinct innovative features:
•

A robust consumer protection and risk mitigation to both buyers and sellers

•

Pay with your favorite cryptocurrency as a buyer, receive in fiat currency as
a seller

•

An integrated indexed token of exchange, that can be used in the platform
to reduce transactional fees

Figure 3 - Overview of a transaction

11

UTRUST will be a transactional payment API that combines the speed and safety of
crypto payments with the consumer protection of traditional payment systems and
the fraud-free benefits of crypto payments (no stolen cards, chargebacks or
hacked accounts). It will be a payment protection system designed around a robust
mediation mechanism, empowering the buyer to open a dispute and escalate if
something goes wrong. We will provide a safe chat environment for both parties to
dialogue and attempt to self-resolve while allowing a trusted mediator to join as
an arbitrator. This escalation and mediation by a UTRUST operator will insure that
a final decision (refund or release) is reached by an impartial 3rd party. Our keypillars of value will stand on:

Buyer Protection - The amount to be paid by the buyer will be held
until transaction has been validated by the platform mediator.
UTRUST handles conflict resolution and mitigate risk, protecting the consumer and
assuring the possibility of the buyer to get a refund in case of a problem arising
with the purchase.

Fluctuation Protection - We will provide a transparent conversion preview
of rates. The conversion from crypto to fiat is done JIT (just in time) at the
best market rate and added to the pool. By locking in this amount and assuring the
hold after conversion, we ensure the seller will get the specific amount he/she
requested, unconstrained from crypto market volatility.
Low fees - We will provide lower fees than other ecommerce platforms
for sellers - 1% of the transaction amount. Connection to multiple
exchange providers and smart analytics will ensure the lowest possible exchange
fees for the buyer sending the payment.

12

How will the platform work from a buyer and seller’s perspectives? It’s quite simple.
Let’s look at a typical user interaction flow with the platform:

•

The merchant sets an article for sale on the marketplace with the specific
price he/she intends to receive in their local currency. The marketplace
offers prospective buyers with a wide range of payment options at checkout,
including UTRUST.

•

Since the merchant wants to target as many young online buyers as possible,
he/she offers UTRUST payment as a prominent checkout option, the buyer
can select and
of

the

Merchant Check-out Context

best

protection from

Seller

platform.
Buyer

•

Sets article for sale in market
(e.g.: 200 USD)

price

it’s

a

possible
the

UTRUST

Buyer decides to purchase
the article

A buyer sees
thinks

take advantage

the
Selection of payment method

the

offer

and

great deal for the
merchant offers.

Pay with UTRUST

13

•

When the buyer selects UTRUST as a payment
method, he/she can choose to use funds from
any of their existing cryptocurrency wallets as
a source of funds (e.g.: Bitcoin, Ethereum
address) or use their UTK funds. If he/she has
not created an account with UTRUST at this
stage, he/she can do so now or just proceed
and pay.

•

The buyer will be shown a description of the
total amount to be paid, including a 1%
commission and exchange conversion fees
(from the crypto amount to the fiat amount).
The description is transparent and updated
every 2 minutes.

•

The buyer completes the transaction and the
amount is sent to UTRUST. Our system
converts the cryptocurrency amount to fiat and holds it in escrow until its
released to the seller. The specific duration of this hold period will vary
depending on the merchant performance history.

14

•

The merchant is then notified of an incoming purchase and that the amount
has been sent by the buyer and is pending release. If this is a trusted
merchant with a high-performance rating, the funds will be released almost
immediately. If the merchant is a newcomer to the platform with no prior
history the hold period can take several days. As the merchant establishes a
track record of successful transactions, his performance rating will increase,
hereby progressively decreasing the holding period.

15

•

If everything goes smoothly the buyer receives the
article, the seller receives the funds and no dispute
is opened. Another happy customer and another
successful sale for the merchant increasing his
performance.

•

But let’s imagine that something does go wrong.
For example, perhaps the buyer did not receive
the article from the merchant due to an incorrect
address. He decides to open a dispute, escalating
the issue. At this escalation stage both parties
enter a self-resolution chat, where they try to
amicably come to mutual agreeable terms. This
can

mean

the

merchant

acknowledging

a

shipping mistake and fixing the issue, voluntarily
refunding the buyer, or the buyer acknowledging
the goods were received. These few examples are
among a multitude of possible scenarios.

•

If both parties do not come to terms in 7 days the
buyer has the option to escalate the claim to a
mediator. In this instance, a UTRUST operator joins
the chat resolution and serves as mediator and
arbitrator with final say on the dispute outcome.
Proceeding with an escalation will incur a fee of 2%
over the amount in hold if a buyer refund is issued
by the UTRUST mediator.

16

•

From this point onwards, the UTRUST mediator takes control of the chat,
collecting evidence from both parties and either issues a refund to the buyer
or releases the funds to the seller. If the merchant loses the dispute (due to
scam or fraud), a corresponding performance downgrade will occur which
will translate to a higher holding period for future transactions. Any buyer
refunds are issued in UTK, converted from fiat at current market value.

17

THE UTRUST TOKEN (UTK)

The Token
We aim to enable the use of UTK in the UTRUST platform by spending it on
merchants that support UTRUST or private buyer/seller transactions. You can also
sell the token in supported exchanges, privately or hold it for future use. The key
difference in our platform is the business model behind it. Once all the regulatory
questions have been clarified with the Swiss Regulator (FINMA), the UTRUST
platform will be a payment system that will enable you to use the token and spend
it independently alongside a system that grows in synergy with the token.
Moreover, using the UTK on the UTRUST platform will have additional benefits to
further stimulate its growth.

Value and Strategy
How will this strategic value coupling work? Each time a buyer pays with any
cryptocurrency via the UTRUST payment platform a percentage of the
transactional fee will be used to buyback UTK and to remove them from the market.
The removed tokens will be burned. This will reduce the amount of UTK supply
further driving demand, the adoption of the platform and the value for contributors.
The amount of UTK was projected to be reduced from the initial 1 billion to a
minimum cap of 100 million, at a rate no faster than 50 million a year. Considering
that the total amount of tokens was reduced upon the extension of the ICO, this
reduction will be prorated.
The higher the volume of transactions in the UTRUST platform, the higher the
potential market value of the token. A percentage of the transaction fee will be
removed from the pool in each market transaction, and the more the UTRUST

18

platform is used (with any supported crypto-currency), the further the supply of
UTK will decrease, a built-in adjustment that acts as our self-stabilization
mechanism. A contributor that decides to hold UTK for the long run, though it may
be subjected to exchange market fluctuations, will enjoy a protective layer that links
the UTK to a sustainable platform. This so called intrinsic deflationary mechanism
makes UTRUST not only the safest payment platform, but a valuable utility token. It
should be stated however, that the expected increase (or decrease) of the value of
the UTRUST token will be dictated by the market’s supply and demand rules and
will not be derived directly from UTRUST’s activities. Please note that holding UTK
does not trigger the right (or likelihood) of redemption2 or the payment of a fixed
or determinable income by UTRUST. Token holders must not reasonably expect to
generate profits through the sale of token to other persons. The UTRUST token will
grant access to the platform. Any other forms of financial incentives token holders
may or may not receive by holding a token, which are not expect, are outside of
UTRUST’s control and activities and will only be derived through their own efforts.
Thus, holding a UTRUST token should not be construed as a passive investment. The
UTRUST token will not be compatible with full passivity of the participant.

Token implementation
The UTRUST token will be implemented as an ERC20-compatible token over the
Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum was the natural choice for this project due to its
broad adoption and industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. The
compatibility with the ERC20 standard leverages upon the existing infrastructure
advantages of the Ethereum ecosystem, namely in terms of development tools,

2

The right of the investors to force a company to repurchase their shares

19

wallets, exchanges and human resource expertise. The ability to program smart
contracts with a Turing-complete language allows for robust foundation and
flexible customization of the cryptocurrency to the UTRUST domain-specific
requirements.

For

more

information

on

ERC20,

please

visit

https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20

Legal and Regulatory Remarks

The UTRUST token sale represents a voluntary contribution towards the execution
of this product vison by its current and future team as it is described in this
whitepaper. The UTK does not grant any direct equity stake nor profit sharing. It
does not represent an ownership right or claim in the UTRUST platform, revenues
or intellectual property, either present or future. Despite UTRUST team’s best efforts
and diligence to bring this project forward, all contributors should be aware that
their contributions are not refundable and accept the inherent risk of project failure
at any stage of development. This implicit risk is associated with any and all
uncertainty of backing cutting-edge technologically-focused entrepreneurial
projects, and can be affected by either internal or external factors that are out of
the control scope of the team. Additionally, contributions may be subject to any
applicable compliance regulations (including KYC, AML and others where
applicable).
The planned UTRUST platform first needs to be analyzed by the Swiss Regulator
(FINMA3). The UTRUST platform will only then be operational if and when its status
is clarified by FINMA and FINMA has granted either a no-action letter or a license.
Therefore, the above described function of the UTK as a means of payment on the

3

FINMA - Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority - https://www.finma.ch/en/

20

UTRUST platform will at the earliest be activated from the moment of clarified
regulatory status onwards.
The UTK can be used in the UTRUST platform with a corresponding utility value
inside such ecosystem and will not provide any redemption rights4. We believe that
the UTRUST token does not qualify as a security and does not provide a contributor
equity share in the legal structure of any of the UTRUST entities. As a preventive
measure of caution and due to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission new
regulations5 we currently do not accept contributions from U.S. citizens.

U.S.

citizens may not expect to have access to the ICO in the same terms and conditions
as residents or citizens of other countries or jurisdictions. In the event the ICO is
open to USA citizens, different terms and conditions may apply.

4

5

The right of the investors to force a company to repurchase their shares
Investor Bulletin: Initial Coin Offerings - https://www.sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-and-bulletins/ib_coinofferings

21

PLATFORM MARKET FIT
In order to understand what was missing in the online payments market, we started
by collecting data from user experiences using crypto payment systems, identifying
the major pain points encountered. We then looked at current solutions in the
market (both in crypto and traditional fiat payment segments), comparing keyfeatures and focusing on the top-market players. From this analysis, we discovered
that current solutions in crypto payments were lacking in their ability to provide
merchants and buyers with the protection features users had come to expect from
traditional payment methods in the areas of transaction protection and conflict
resolution. On the other hand, traditional payment solutions suffered from a high
rate of fraud, with credit card chargebacks being a major pain for merchants. By
condensing our findings and comparing UTRUST with the top players in the
traditional and crypto worlds, we came with the following comparison chart:

Figure 4 - Competitive Landscape vs other market players

22

1. Lower Buyer Purchase Risk - We cover all purchases (both goods and the
majority of services). Other traditional solutions such as PayPal only cover the
purchase of physical goods. Crypto-based services such as Bitpay do not cover
anything at all.
2. Payment Approval Speed - Unlike traditional payment systems, which usually
delay the approval of payments due to high risk of fraud and require submission
of countless documents, we will approve payments immediately and make the
process hassle-free for both parties (buyer & seller).
3. Low exchange fees - We will provide both buyers and sellers low exchange fees
by using advanced analytics that are connected to multiple crypto-currency
exchange providers. Services such as PayPal and Bitpay provide exorbitant
internal exchange rates.
4. Low seller fees - We will charge sellers a flat 1% fee on received payments. Other
services such as PayPal charge a flat minimum rate of 2.9% but can go as high
as 5% after all “hidden fees” are accounted for.

5. Multiple Cryptocurrencies accepted - We will accept the most used
cryptocurrencies on the market (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash Monero and
others) that covers a wider percentage of the total market cap. Other services
such as Bitpay only accept Bitcoin, which restricts their market to half of the
total market cap. As more tokens are created and added to the market, the
captured percentage of Bitcoin will only shrink further.
6. Safety of funds – Leverage the power of the blockchain and say goodbye to
credit card fraud. Only you will have control over your own private keys and
funds, and even we cannot access your wallet. Traditional centralized solutions
have a poor track record of keeping your funds safe.

23

7. No Chargebacks - Sellers will be protected from rampant credit card fraud and
fake chargebacks, which is a common occurrence in traditional payment
services that still rely on credit cards.
8. Customer Payment Protection – The well-known service PayPal relies heavily
on its buyer/seller protection plan. However, it only covers the purchase of
physical goods. Bitpay does not cover any purchases, making the transaction
irreversible and leaving you exposed to potential fraud. UTRUST will extend
consumer protection by covering both physical and virtual (if applicable)
purchases. We will guarantee full coverage for all eligible payments made via
UTRUST.
9. Efficient resolution of disputes - Traditional solutions such as PayPal have a
lengthy waiting period of transaction resolutions while they gather evidence on
both sides independently (taking up to several months), making it a slow and
painful process. We will provide both a self-mediated 2-party resolution mode,
and an advanced 3-party resolution dispute mechanism, enabling both parties
to chat in real time, guided by one of our resolution mediators. We will make it
quick and easy to sort conflicts.
10. Performance-based rating of seller - We will implement a performance-based
analytics algorithm to evaluate the performance of sellers, making it so that
when the performance of a seller grows, the corresponding hold period on the
funds is decreased. This mechanism will create a trusted environment,
encouraging sellers to perform better over time and increases buyer
confidence. In a best-case scenario, a top seller will see its hold time virtually
eliminated and will have the ability to obtain the funds almost immediately.

24

11. Decentralized token linked to platform value - UTRUST will not only be a
payment platform. We will issue our own cryptocurrency – UTK. You can buy or
sell, send or receive in the platform, convert it to fiat, another cryptocurrency,
or simply keep safe in your wallet and see its value grow in synergy with the
platform. Transactions using UTK will be converted internally and benefit from
zero exchange fee within the UTRUST platform.

25

TIMELINE & MILESTONES
ICO Details
An initial pre-ICO was successfully completed on 28th August 2017 and the main ICO
opening round is set to follow on 2nd November 2017, 2pm GMT.

It was expected to for the single round to run for a variable period no longer than
7 days or until all tokens were issued, whichever happened first. However,
considering recent market developments and the acceptance of new countries in
the ICO, the process will run until [DATE]. Half of total amount of tokens previously
available will be destroyed.

During this second stage of the ICO, the rights and obligations of participants that
already invested will not suffer any restrictions and participants’ expectations will
not be compromised. The new maximum ICO cap is set at $21.375 MM, with
accepted contribution tokens in both BTC and ETH.

The total pool is fixed at 500,000,000 (five hundred million) UTK, and will be
segmented in a single round totaling 70% of the pool, preceded by a 10% pre-sale
sale and with 20% already pre-allocated to private stakes. In aggregate, all publicly
available rounds will total 80% of total minted tokens and the minimum contribution
stake set at 0.2 ETH / 0.02 BTC.

26

10%

Distributed During Pre-ICO

20%

Private Investors
Marketing & Bounty

55%
5%

Retained by UTRUST

10%

Distributed During ICO

The pre-sale round took place with a unit price of $0.03 (three cents) per token with
a 10% distribution of the token pool. The ICO will follow suit at a 55% distribution
with unit prices per token at a fixed value of $0.065 (six dot five cents). Regarding
the remaining 15% of tokens, 10% will be retained by UTRUST, diluted in 2% per year,
during the next 5 years in order to support future steering of the project. The final
5% will be allocated to marketing and bounties. The values and percentages are
further detailed in the table below:
Percent

Unit Price per Token

Total Tokens Issued

Total Amount

Private Round

20%

$0.02

100,000,000

$2,000,000

PRE-sale Round

10%

$0.03

50,000,000

$1,500,000

ICO Round (single)

55%

$0.065

275,000,000

$17,875,000

TOTAL

85%

The pre-sale round confirmed profile public interest in the project’s potential and
obtained valuable community feedback, while providing an early opportunity to
loyal contributors to join in prior to the full ICO.
During the round the tokens will be distributed in a first-come-first-served basis
and only the tokens sold on each round will be created and issued (for example, if

27

only 50% of the tokens are sold in 7 days, then only 250 million tokens will be
generated, thereby decreasing the total token pool from 500 million to 250 million).
In regard to the token issue timeline, the UTK are planned to be issued to all
contributors no longer than 2 weeks after the ICO closes. This timeline may be
subject to further delays in the event of any unforeseen legal, certification, or
regulatory compliance roadblocks.
At the beginning the tokens will not have any features. The use as a means of
payment will only be possible after the regulatory status of the UTRUST platform
has been clarified with FINMA.

For further information regarding our token sale, please visit the dedicated FAQ
section on our website.

A significant portion of the post-ICO funds, totaling 40% of the token total value will
be allocated to the MVP, R&D, personnel, the development of an API for merchant
marketplace integration, client wallet frontend and resolution dispute mechanism
backend. Around a quarter of the funds will be allocated for marketing purposes
and to drive platform adoption and integration with 3rd party websites. The
remaining amount will be dedicated to operational and administration expenses,
partner engagement and legal fees. The following chart represents the current
expected allocation and may be adjusted as the project evolves.

28

Allocation of funds, post-ICO
3%

Engineering and Development

10%

Partner Engagement
12%

40%

Marketing and Promotional
Legal and Regulation

15%

Operational and Administration
Misc
20%

● Engineering and Development - Developing the UTRUST platform and all its
components, hiring technical resources and establishing the infrastructure to
support development.

● Marketing & Promotional - Developing relationships, marketing plan and
cooperation strategy with merchants in order to expand support of the
UTRUST platform and reach a wider audience of clients. Developing a
marketing campaign targeting increased adoption of the platform by
buyers.

•

Partner Engagement – Developing relationships with non-merchant entities,
such as exchange providers and other strategic partnerships. Engaging
possible joint ventures and incentives to drive platform adoption.

•

Legal & Regulation – Establishing legal entities, complying with the ongoing
regulatory framework, incorporation and other legal obligations.

29

Development Roadmap
Regarding timelines for this project, the following showcases tentative milestones
and target date for each phase:

Figure 5 - The roadmap towards a new payment system

After the conceptual phase and the ICO closes, our team will prepare a detailed
roadmap for the staged development of the platform. Currently we aim to have a
transactional API platform ready for merchants to test in Q1 2018, supported by a
wallet app in where buyers and merchants can check their balance, transaction

30

history and mediated resolutions. The back-end interface for mediators will
complement the platform, rolling out in a progressive basis in Q2 2018. The initial
pilot launch will feature a curated selection of merchants with a progressive
expansion and refinement planed in Q3 2018.

Figure 6 – MVP for transactional API integration and user wallet

31

THE TEAM
In order to realize this ambitious project, and bring the MVP from concept to
market, we gathered an awesome team of diverse experts, from mobile tech,
digital payments, finance, crypto markets, UX and business worlds. Together we
will leverage our combined experience in other ventures to make this project a
reality. Want to know more about the UTRUST team? Here are just a few of us, but
we encourage you to visit our website team section and check the complete profiles
of our core team and advisors.

Nuno Correia

Filipe Castro

Artur Goulão

CEO

CIO

CTO

An MBA with an MSENG and
love for disruptive
technologies. Early career in
development of software
solutions, including electronic
payment systems.
Internationally-minded, moved
from corporate to small
ventures in Scandinavia,
complemented with an MBA in
China and a brief advisory
role. Now engaged in business
development and strategic
development of innovative
ventures.

Former CTO in a leading
digital payment platform
company and current
head of Development of a
Swiss-based
Cybersecurity company.
Excels and is deeply
involved in the
development and R&D of
software-related payment
systems, in either classical
or Blockchain
Smartcontract-based
approach. Has a
background in Computer
Science from IST and MIT.

An early cryptocurrency
investor, deeply involved in
crypto markets and
community since early 2011
and successfully co-founded
several B2C ventures. With a
background in Law and
Marketing, he is passionate
about the transformative
future of digital payments.

32

Roberto Machado

Luís Zamith

Nick Olender

CPO

Head of Engineering

VP of Marketing

Founder and Product
Manager at several startups
prior to UTRUST, he has been
leading different teams to
build highly reliable software
products, with a focus on the
end user experience.
Previously, he has worked
together with major
international companies such
as AT&T, Betfair, Airtel and
Uphold, to provide vision
outline, goals and product
strategy of solutions used by
millions of users.

Working at Subvisual for more
than 5 years, he specializes in
the development of complex
web-centered solutions, using
Ruby and RoR. He has a
fondness for open source tech
and giving back to the
community. He is an
accomplished Rails mentor,
teaching in workshops,
university classes and events.
He also loves experimenting
with new, fun programming
languages, from Haskell to
Elixir or even Crystal.

Technology is only as
important as the business
problems it solves. Nick
loves opening a closed
mind to a solution that a
new perspective can
create. He has a keen
interest in international
business strategy with an
emphasis on business
financials and technology
applications.

Sydney Lai

João Ferreira

Laura Esteves

Partner Engagement

Head of Design

Head of Operations

Cryptocurrency investor with a
background in tech and banking
at Wells Fargo and Credit
Suisse. As a community leader
building startup ecosystems, she
has built relationships with
financial institutions,
accelerators, venture funds and
investors, helping to enable
society's access to emerging
technology.

Lead Designer at Subvisual
with over 5 years’ experience
in designing several
innovative web-centered
products. In his UX
methodology, he obsesses
with a human-centered
approach, focused on
bringing out the best possible
experience for the end user.
He digs deep to understand
the drive and motivations in
using a product while looking
for opportunities to empower
the user at every step.

33

With a background in
management, she has
contributed to different
organizations in tech and
media ensuring the smooth
execution of operational
activities and events.
Analytical and driven, she
analyzes and manages KPIs
towards continuous growth
and operational excellence.

Francisco Baila

Gabriel Poça

Ronaldo Sousa

Product Designer

Software Engineer

Software Engineer

A young designer with a passion
for typography who always has
five minutes to talk about it. He
has had the opportunity to work
with worldwide known brands
and platforms, beautifying
technology into a friend.

Upon first encouter, but you
would instantly find that this
guy is a top-notch web
developer, loving every
aspect of his job. From
working in key-projects for
AT&T and helping launch new
fintech and healthcare care
startups, Gabriel has had
diverse experiences that
makes him a balanced allround developer and PM.

Restless techie, design guru
and music lover that likes to
build complex software for the
people. Usually, you can find
him diligently coding in front
of a computer, getting inspired
with a guitar, or meditating on
a couch. Always learning new
exoteric programming
languages, he is keen on
decentralized systems and
modern technologies.

Fernando Mendes

Bruno Azevedo

Pedro Costa

Software Engineer

Software Engineer

Software Engineer

With a background in
distributed systems and
computing, he loves to give
back to the community by being
a part of different volunteering
organizations. A young prodigy
with multiple academic awards
and fresh from college, he is
now focusing on mastering
cutting-edge technologies that
will help change the world.

A Software Engineer with a
specialization in Natural
Language Processing and
Machine Learning. He loves
to explore different
technologies; combined with
his 5+ years of experience as
a web developer makes him a
force to be reckoned with in
cutting-edge projects. He
aims to be the best version of
himself applied into whatever
area he's interested in.

An acomplished full-stack web
Developer at Subvisual. His
experience dates back to the
world of HPC and the
beginnings of Web 2.0.
Describing himself as pedantic,
he is constantly experimenting
and trying new approaches to
classic problems, striving for
excellence at every step

34

Marc Howland

David Bryan

Lilian Yu

Financial Advisor

Strategic Advisor

Marketing Advisor - China

Marc holds a role as CoFounder and Business Developer
at Keyturn, a venture using
blockchain tech to build a
supply-chain-centric product.
He has extensive experience in
the private equity and
investment banking sector,
having worked at Goldman
Sachs & The Carlyle Group. He
is currently pursuing an MBA
from Harvard Business School,
with a previous BA in Business
Economics from Brown.

David is a Serial Entrepreneur
and a Co-Founder of Keyturn
Public Benefit Corporation, a
venture using blockchain tech to
disrupt the construction and
supply-chain industry. He
specializes in System Platform
Design and Technology
Strategy, with more than 10
years of experience in the
design of sustainable gamechanging solutions supporting a
triple bottom line – people,
planet, profit.

With extensive experience in
product branding and
marketing, she has spent most
of her career focused on the
Mainland China and Taiwan
markets, working with digital
agencies to successfully launch
new campaigns. She holds a
Business Administration with a
marketing focus and has a keen
interest in consumer behavior
and analytics.

Sascha Benz

Dhiveshan Govender

João Figueira

Business Develop. Advisor

Strategic Advisor

Legal Advisor

Founder and CEO of SVRGN, a
platform built to empower
citizens to control and share
their digital identity between
trusted entities. Created and
lead an innovative global first
model for digital music
streaming consumption: PAYC,
later translated onto the
blockchain – giving rise to
Stream-to-own models. Holds a
MBA from the University of
Stellenbosch Business School
and is currently working in
Europe to spearhead the
development of a blockchain
ecosystem in Africa.

International lawyer with
extensive experience in
international taxation and legal
aspects of cross-border
investment in several industries
such as IT/Media, Real Estate,
M&A, Finance, FinTech and
Cryptocurrency. Due to his
background in both Law and
Management, he is counsel to
Boards of Directors of several
companies. João is Managing
Partner of a Lisbon based firm,
Lugna, and a college Professor.
Providing forward-looking
solutions in challenging new
sectors is part of his daily
business.

A seasoned Entrepreneur and
Strategy consultant, he has
founded several ventures in the
e-commerce and mobile space
in Switzerland. Holds a degree
in Banking & Finance from the
University of Zurich and
specializes in growth strategy,
product design and marketing
strategy of mobile and ecommerce centric platforms.

35

João Paulo

Francisco Cruz

Francisco Maia

PhD, Cloud Security Advisor

PhD, Architecture Advisor

PhD, Distrib. Systems Advisor

Co-Founder of SafeCloud
Technologies based in
Switzerland and researcher at
INESC TEC. He is one of the
world leading researchers on
storage deduplication and
benchmarking. He has also
worked on software defined
storage for Cloud Computing
and has contributed to several
European projects namely in
the development of secure
database and storage
solutions.

Researcher at INESC TEC and
Co-Founder of SafeCloud
Technologies based in
Switzerland. His work has been
focused on distributed
databases and Big Data. He
has extensively contributed to
the community with work on
autonomous reconfiguration
and elasticity systems for
Cloud Computing. He has been
involved in European projects
such as CumuloNimbo, aimed
at re-architecting distributed
database solutions intended
for large scale deployments.

Co-Founder and CEO of
SafeCloud Technologies , a
Swiss venture focused on
privacy-preserving software
solutions. Researcher at INESC
TEC with focus on distributed
systems, large scale data
storage, distributed
coordination and privacypreserving technology. He has
participated in several
European projects in
collaboration with both
industrial and academic
partners from all over the
world.

Arthur Zubkoff
Marketing Consultant
Arthur is a fintech and
marketing consultant with a
background in technology,
design, business, and banking
at the Standard Chartered
Bank. He holds a Master’s
degree in Management from
the University of St Andrews
and a First Class Honours
degree in Computer Science
from the Newcastle University.
Arthur’s passion and
enthusiasm for blockchain and
startups has led him to invest
in various cryptocurrencies
and companies like TenX and
BrewDog.

36

Contributors
Security
Our system will be designed to take into account the recent events of wallet theft in
ICO. This will be mitigated by circulating the currency between multiple addresses
and converting a significant amount of the ICO to fiat currency when possible.

Protection
A contribution in UTK is a contribution in the UTRUST platform’s future. Our
deflationary mechanism creates intrinsic value and a relationship between the
platform growth and token value. The purpose is to mitigate the effects of earlier
ICOs in which the tokens had a large demand on the first months and then
flattened, leaving the value at almost zero.

Advisory and information disclosure
Our operating strategy includes periodical contact with contributors through a
mailing list and/or newsletter in order to keep them updated on current status of
development, marketing, clients, and revenue. This strategy allows us to gain
feedback from the contributors and keep them updated with the most recent news
and developments.

37

UTRUST Switzerland AG © 2017
Zug, CHE-306.711.992
contact@utrust.io
+41 22 518 70 77

38

