V-Dimension

Nothing is eternal, only ideas last forever.

VDS
P ro j e c t
Whitepaper

VDSVVVXXMXPSSSZD.ONION

Table of Contents
1

Preface

2

Project Introduction
Overview
Philosophy
Product Design
Logo Meaning

3

VDS Issuance

4

System Fees

5

The VDS Functions
The Dual Wallet
The Trust Stamp Network
Resonance Trade
VAD
Secret Chat
Distributed OTC Trade
Anonymous Transactions
Master Nodes
Smart Contracts
Noncentralized Voting

6

Scalable VDS Functions
VDS Browser
Blockchain Business Smart Contracts
The Lightning Network

7

Fission Promotions and The Lottery

8

ICEX

9

VDS Ecology
Initial Ecological Establishment Fund
The Development Phases of VDS
The Noncentralized Autonomous Community
The VDS Vision

10

Project Roadmap

11

Appendix and References

Preface

V-Dimension

Preface
Cooperation and consensus are the most important components of human civilization.
It is the fundamental difference that lets humans dominate the globe instead of other
creatures. As a highly intelligent and complex group, lack of trust causes the greatest
friction on cooperation. Lack of transparency is the greatest threat to consensus. Along
with the continuously growing power of globalization, a bottleneck is occuring in the
expansion of civilization that is becoming more and more obvious.
We have to admit that centralized society has greatly contributed to the rapid
development of human civilization for thousands of years. However, the increasing
global population has resulted in an increase in material demands, global resource
shortages, environmental crises, and social conflicts led on by a growing wealth gap.
All of these are continuously decreasing total human productivity, and directly
influencing the next steps of development in human civilization. This beckons us to
maintain a constant rational reflection on the centralized components of the modern
world.
The emergence of blockchain has led us in a new direction to solve all these problems.
This Consensus System uses technology to produce passive trust and create an
unalterable consensus mechanism. This passive trust produced thus far is the highest
boundary of trust, which is no need for trust at all. A technological revolution that can
directly solve the bottleneck of human civilization in the modern era from its very root
should receive deep attention and be worthy of continuous exploration and
experimentation by all human society.
What blockchain is able to do for us is not merely bring on financial changes.
Cryptocurrency is only an embodiment of value transfer. It is another representation of
the energy transferred in the process of things running their course, which can be
imagined as a basic element of life activity.

It can bring much more for us, from finance to commerce, from entertainment to
culture, from property rights to law, from privacy to freedom, from consciousness to
cognition, and even from the democratic era to the post-democratic era. In essence, the
social rift formed by blockchain will rewrite the developmental future of human
civilization, and once again bring the entire civilization of mankind into a period of
rapid development. This is the only road human kind can take to explore the future.
In this age when finance has become the global nervous system, finance is the starting
point for all blockchain possibilities.
For global finance, the Internet has accelerated the digitization of financial assets. But
in this process, however, enslaved us by the opacity and limitations of internet
technology. Asset safety and the trust crisis have at this time become the biggest threats
to the asset safety of individuals. The emergence of blockchain technology allows a
significant number of people to see a future full of hope.
With this new technology, people become aware that most of the current social
conflicts are caused by centralization. Perhaps decentralization is the only cure.
Blockchain has perfectly solved this global Trust Crisis, and cryptocurrency has found
a way out for the security of our assets.
However, there is still a long way to go on the application of blockchain technology.
More and more people are placing more attention on the application value of
blockchain. For the whole industry, attempts at trying to convert a cryptocurrency into
a truly globally-circulative currency have never stopped. Seeking out the application
values of blockchain and cryptocurrency has been the driving goal for VDS
development team. It is also our original intention during the design and development
of VDS. We hope our efforts open a new window for the world, and become a social
practice of great significance.

VDS is not merely a single project, but an integration of multiple research
achievements based on a distributed, private blockchain network. It will play a
significant role in identity security, internet freedom, private social interactions,
decentralized finance, and commerce.
It could be said that what VDS has done is rebuilt a completely new, open Internet on
distributed anonymous nodes, which will lead us to an unprecedented free space, VDimension.
Blockchain will change the world. Nothing is eternal, only ideas last forever.
From its design and basic information level, this paper will discuss how VDS has built
a Noncentralized Consensus Society Full Ecology Future Currency Network. At the
time of writing this paper, the VDS development team is in the process of completing
final tests and verifications, and this is occupying all of their time. Thus, relevant
technological introductions and explanations will appear in a “2.0 version” of the VDS
whitepaper after the project has officially gone online. Sincere apologies for this.

Project
Introduction

V-Dimension

Overview

Based on blockchain technology, and taking noncentralized anonymity as its design
principle, a “privacy Internet” has been built on distributed nodes and opened up for all
the public to use. On this basis, with precise and rigorous product design, the initial
functions of VDS are ran through the cryptocurrency wallet application to achieve
user-friendly experience, construct a perfect decentralized ecology of finance &
commerce, and ultimately craft the Noncentralized Consensus Society Full Ecology
Future Currency Network. We call it V-Dimension (VDS).
These initial functions of VDS are Resonance Trade, The Trust Stamp Network, The
Competition System, the Network wide Information Broadcast (VAD), Secret Chat,
Anonymous Trade, Smart Contracts, Distributed OTC Trade, Super Master Nodes, The
Lottery, and the unique smart contract design- Blockchain Business Smart Contracts.
All these functions work off one another to circulate, balance and constitute the
powerful initial internal structures of VDS, whose internal financial balance,
community promotion, commercial interconnectivity, value concentration and network
expansion will disrupt the ideas behind the centralized business paradigm.
In the end VDS will become a private communication network that is open for the
whole world to use. It supports development of an independent web browser where
every VID address can serve as an anonymous IP Address. All the applications of the
centralized internet may be transplanted into this privacy network by the people for the
people. Through the joint efforts of the social community, a brand-new, decentralized
ecology of internet freedom will be created.
In terms of its operational strategy, VDS takes holistic prosperity of the decentralized
community as a guiding principle, incentivizing Bitcoin users to initially power the
project. Following the principle of decentralization, it minimizes the development
team’s impact on the community. This creates vaster space for the long-term
development of VDS. It is also a tribute to Satoshi Nakamoto.

What VDS brings is not only a new form of cryptocurrency, nor merely a new
blockchain product; it presents a completely decentralized financial network, a truly
disruptive business practice, and a re-shaping of the Internet. It is the door leading all
mankind to freedom, and what’s more, an immortal idea and indestructible thought.
The difference it has from any kind of cryptocurrency that we have ever seen is that it
relies on unparalleled financial logic. It will become a decentralized global currency in
the true sense and bring real wealth freedom to the world.
VDS wishes to make people recognize the long-term meaning of noncentralized
consensus, to appreciate the preciousness of privacy and freedom, to push human
civilization to another level by connecting the power of our lives, and to face our
unknown future and ourselves with sincerity and love.

Philosophy

From the dawn of time, the level of a civilization and the development of its science
and technology have been closely bound together. From the Industrial Revolution to
the Age of Information, the development of science and technology promotes the
process of society; from machines to the Internet, the changes of technology have
affected the direction of future social progress. Never before have we been so close to
each other, so aware of each other- than in this age where the Internet connects the
world’s information and resources. Humanity is in the midst of experiencing the
development of a higher level of consensus.
This is a progress for human social civilization. Only by establishing a higher level of
consensus can mankind work better together to create higher value, completely
eliminate contradictions and conflicts in our social development to push the
distribution of wealth to a fairer and more just path, and build a global community of
life and pursue a new stage of human civilization.
The core value of blockchain is that it solves our trust problems and achieves
decentralized consensus through technological means. From the long-term perspective
of human development, the emergence of blockchain technology is the embodiment of
human free will, more so it is the general trend of using science and technology to
promote the development of civilization.
The centralized world we live in now is filled with problems that cannot be
fundamentally solved no matter how much we improve our social and economic
systems. It is just as Asimov’s Elevator Effect points out, our imaginations are limited
to existing technologies until critical technologies are invented.
In this case, the advent of blockchain has opened a window of hope.

Blockchain technology is breaking many beliefs traditionally held about privacy,
wealth, and even freedom. It is also an unprecedented challenge for centralized
financial systems and organizations. All of these will be endowed with new meanings
in the ideal world realized by blockchain technology, where human beings seek out
their own, true selves.
Future society will be a fully-integrated social body connected by blockchain. As an
inevitable outcome of blockchain technology, VDS adopts the principle of
decentralized design to achieve consensus of wealth, speech, innovation, networking
and even ideological progress; it relies on the wisdom of all people to realize the
freedom of the entire human community. This is the core philosophy of VDS; in this
community of freedom, everyone is its owner and the world will obtain true freedom.

Freedom of Wealth
The essence of wealth originates from a group-consensus of value within a specified
situation. Therefore, once blockchain technology has solved trust issues among
individuals, we are capable of creating more independent, free and democratic
decentralized financial systems to solve the financial impacts brought on by centralized
dominance. For anyone in the centralized world the privacy and security as well as the
value and ownership of our property have always been passive. We have no real
control of the wealth that truly belongs to us, which causes a series of social problems
and conflicts.
VDS will redefine and redistribute global wealth with a decentralized approach. This is
a major migration of centralized wealth consensus to decentralized wealth consensus.
VDS strives for a wealth autonomy of greater fairness, equality and privacy for every
one of us and even each future generation. It achieves Ultimate Wealth Freedom for all
mankind.

Freedom of Speech
Freedom of speech is the most basic right that human beings should have been
endowed with. It is a prerequisite for equal communication and consensus building.
However, this right to freedom is dwarfed in most countries around the world. On the
surface, what we have lost is freedom of speech, but in essence it is our equal footing,
our authorization to hold conversation with centralized institutions, that we have truly
lost. If this most basic right of freedom cannot even be guaranteed, how shall we
express our appeals for an ideal society and desired life?
VDS will achieve complete freedom of speech. Through its unique, anonymous
technology, anyone is allowed to express opinions and convey ideas with secret chat in
the a decentralized network, and communicate safely and freely; or make networkwide broadcasts by bidding to insert advertising content into each VDS user’s wallet
application through the Advertisement broadcasting system. Information and its
dissemination will break through the limits of centralized supervision, and allow
people to perceive the world in a real sense
Freedom of speech is not merely an individual right, but also a driving force for
centralized institutions and social development that cannot be neglected. People
actively engage in the development of all society through freedom of speech. For
centralized institutions, the voice of the people is like a mirror which truly reflects the
true world and the objective state of our society, promoting centralized institutions as
well as the world and all of society to develop in a better direction, and achieve
continuous progress.

Freedom of Innovation
We cannot imagine how anemic a world would be without innovation. Whether it is
scientific or technological, for products or ideas, innovation is like a catalyst that
integrates every element of society into an organic combination and operation, and
provides a continuous source of power for social development and human progress.

To paraphrase William Wallace in Braveheart, “Every man dies, not every man really
lives.” Innovation also requires freedom; it breeds in an environment of free speech,
grows in an environment of free productivity, and drives development forward in a free
social environment.
The freedom of innovation that VDS brings is a model for business innovation that
breaks regional restrictions. Where there are people, there is network, and there will be
VDS. Anyone is capable of developing their business empire to every corner of the
world through VDS’s unique smart contract technology.
The innovation of freedom brought by VDS is an opportunity to break up the
centralized monopoly. We no longer need to look forward to a free, centralized
environment in which rights are guaranteed and innovative results are rewarded
because every trust problem will be resolved easily under VDS’s decentralized
network. Everyone will innovate in a fair and autonomous environment. This is the
result of the consensus of the people.
The freedom VDS brings us possesses the potential to inspire all people and lead them
into a new era of innovation. This era of universal progress will ultimately promote the
rapid development of the whole world and all society. It is the best of times.

Freedom of Networking
The Internet has been called the greatest invention of mankind in the 20th century. It
has changed the way the world exists, the way information is transmitted, as well as
the way people communicate and even live. Through the Internet, we see the world, we
speak our minds, and we seem to have more freedom than ever before. But the truth is,
the Internet is not as free as we thought it would be. It has never been freed from
central surveillance and restrictions, it upholds the bottom line of the interests of those
with vested benefits. It can be said that each of us live in a state where we are
unwittingly supervised, where all of our information is completely open-wide,
analyzed, and monitored by an elite few.

The emergence of VDS will tackle all these problems. It will become a strategic
network to defend Internet freedom and transplant the centralized Internet to a
decentralized network. By hiding server information, a super deep network is built on
the blockchain. This decentralized anonymous network ecology, together with people
who yearn for freedom, will strike down the restrictions of the centralized network and
free the Internet

Freedom of Thought
Thought is the most powerful tool for mankind. It is a kind of power, as well as the
source of eternal vitality, it is the soul of development for all society. Once the
direction of development of society deviates from the consensus of most people, new
ideas come into being and lead people back to the right track of development for
human civilization.
The emergence of decentralized thought is an inevitable outcome of social
development. It is like a good dose of medicine, an annotation of equality and freedom
which allows a clear sight of the direction of development for the future of human
civilization and brings infinite possibilities.
We believe the highest realm of liberty is the freedom of thought, and the decentralized
thinking brought by blockchain magnifies this freedom infinitely, offering it soil to
grow.
The world is more creative when the mind is free. An era of active human thinking,
prosperous culture and prolific art is often an era with freedom of thought. It prompts
the positive thinking of all mankind to actively participate in the process of social
development, and contribute to the progress of human civilization and social
development.
VDS expects that by providing the freedom of wealth, freedom of speech, freedom of
innovation, and freedom of networking; altogether it will establish a free-thinking,
consensus society. In the blockchain ecosystem built by VDS, everyone has the ability
to free their minds and regain freedom of thought.

Our thoughts, like bright stars, will shine on us to achieve an autonomous, democratic,
and free society. Each one of us is capable of creating the brighter future that accords
with our own free will.
Nothing is eternal, only thoughts will last forever.

Product Design

As we observe the development of cryptocurrency over the last decade, we find that
what Bitcoin has brought to people is not merely as cut-and-dry as “a new
technology”, but that there is a disruptive paradigm and exploration behind it.
Thereupon, we continue to explore and seek a fair, balanced, credible way to shape our
new future.
No doubt, the idea of “decentralization” is not new. What we can be sure of however,
is that this time, we’ve found a new way to apply this thinking to reconstruct the social
order that currently exists, so that it is not constricted by online and offline status, or
finance and interpersonal relationships. Together, we shall create a complete ecology, a
brand-new dimension of freedom.
We hope that VDS not only embodies a kind of circulating currency or blockchain
industry, but also guides development in a more constructive manner through its core
concept, decentralization.
We also wish to bring a true, comprehensive freedom to the whole world through VDS.
Every participant shall obtain pure freedom of privacy, wealth, Internet and thought
without any restrictions from centralized institutions.
However, the realization of such freedom requires a mature VDS ecology, and a
mature ecology cannot be achieved without joint efforts from its participants. Only
when enough people are involved in the construction of the VDS ecology can the
entire ecological network achieve safer, healthier, more stable and longer-lasting
development; only by involving more people can we achieve thorough and long-lasting
freedom.
Faith is priceless, but it is not enough to motivate people to participate. In order to
involve more participants in the construction and expansion of

VDS’s ecological network, we have to provide all users the opportunity for more stable
and lucrative revenues and rewards. Vollar, which serves as the standard unit of
currency within the VDS ecology, carries a mission of great significance. It is the force
driving stable development for the entire ecology, as only when Vollar is able to
provide considerable benefits will more people wish to participate in the construction
of this ecological network.
The current cryptocurrency industry is an internet-based financial market. Experienced
practitioners who follow the premises behind this internet model are clearly aware they
need to abide by the user demands of this financial market. The change in price of a
transaction medium affects market confidence.
In the financial market, the basic formula for the price of a traded product is:

Market Cash Flow
Medium of Exchange Price
Total Number of Transactions Available
in the Market in the Current Period

In any trading market, the cash flow into the market is directly related to the number of
users participating. Therefore, all our users will participate in decentralized Fission
Promotion, personally receiving revenues but also providing a massive number of
users for the system. This is a benign solution that ensures cash flow. As Vollar’s price
increases, users will be greatly motivated and actively engage in fission expansion,
which will exponentially increase the number of users in VDS’s ecological network.
On top of this, a large portion of Bitcoin serves as a Fission Promotion reward in each
block week to stimulate more users to participate in the construction of VDS’s
ecological network. This Bitcoin reward all hinges around the number of Bitcoin
involved in Resonance Trade. The higher the revenues that Vollar brings, the more
Bitcoins will be exchanged, and the more incentive there is for new-user growth.

more incentive there is for new-user growth.
We know that the price of a medium of exchange is determined not only by the cash
flow into the market, but also by the total number of exchanges available in the market
in the current period.
In VDS’s ecology, the construction of super master nodes will bring considerable
Vollar revenue to participants. As Vollar revenues increase, more and more participants
will come to understand its value and thus, in order to obtain more Vollar, create more
super master nodes.
The increase in super master nodes provides more stable network service for the VDS
ecology. Additionally, there is a 10,000 Vollar deposit required to run a super master
node. As more master nodes are created more Vollar will be taken out of circulation
and used for these activation deposits, which serves to greatly reduce the market
supply of Vollar available for transactions- and this will stimulate price growth.
In addition, exponential user-growth within the VDS ecosystem also accelerates the
consumption of Vollar, thus multiplying the market demand for Vollar and further
reducing its total tradable amount in the current period- forming a circulative,
continuous and steady rise in value.
Along with the increasing value of Vollar, an enormous number of users will continue
to participate in the expansion of the VDS ecological network. In order to keep users
sticking with our product, we are adding more features with meaningful functions into
the ecology; for example, the most secure social chat application in the world, a
network-wide advertising broadcasting system which accurately connects target users,
a blockchain-business function that connects commercial value, and an OTC function
that securely connects global legal tenders. Through these functions and applications,
Vollar’s use-value will stand out as people experience the VDS ecology, which lays the
foundation for Vollar to become a universal currency in the future.

Driven by revenues from Vollar and the concerted efforts of a large number of
participants, VDS’s ecological network will develop to maturity rapidly; and a mature
VDS ecology is bound to accompany all participants towards ultimate freedom.
Some people fight for freedom throughout their whole lives, never even obtaining it at
death.
We, however, are destined to get on board the VDS dream train and head towards our
future Garden of Eden where there is no despair, but only hopes and dreams; no
centralized shackles, but only a future of unprecedented freedom.

Logo Meaning

Design Concept

Originating
from the Universe

Everything
in Coexistence

Limitless
Future

The VDS logo is a journey of eternal life, which embarks from the origin of the
universe and takes the freedom of life as its destination. In the process of which, the
endless and infinite growth of eternal life is achieved. It covers the symbiotic ideology
of an all-encompassing yet homologous universe- that the world and all its living
creatures are of one origin. It denotes a kind of order and opens up a future of infinite
possibilities.

The Flower of Life

The Origin of Life

The Power of Life

The Freedom of Life

This logo is a symbolic graphic depiction of The Flower of Life composed by a water
droplet standing for the origin of life, the letter V to symbolize victory as well as the
roman numeral for 5 which signifies 5-dimensional integration, and an arc representing
a smile as well as a return of the Rights of Power and Freedom to every individual.

The Flower of Life – The natural order, the space and balance of limitless
growth
The Flower of Life is the foundational constituent of the VDS Logo. It is an extremely
ancient totem possessing limitless energy, whose perfect ratio symbolizes the original
shape and vibration of the universe. It is also a kind of sacred geometry, a blueprint for
creation, a constituent symbol of life and universe, an all-inclusive geometric symbol;
the original source of everything, a spiritual flame of pure consciousness, conceived
from the depths of the earth; human consciousness relies on its existence for survival.
It represents the cycle of life; from tree, to blossom, to fruition, to seed, to tree;
everything in universal, perfect, loving order.
VDS, just like the Flower of Life, uses a perfect design which contains the order of the
universe to create a perfect blueprint for the infinite future growth on limitless energy,
and breeds continuous yet harmoniously unified, self-sufficient blockchain ecology;
denoting the beauty of balance and infinity contained within the Noncentralized
Consensus Society Full Ecology Future Currency Network.

The water drop represents the Origin of Life; containing life and thought,
even one drop surges with power.
In the eyes of God, all men are created equal. Thus implying the Order of the Universe
is both equal and just. Every life is bred into an environment of justice and equality;
water is the fairest medium in this world. Every drop of water contains infinite
elements of life, satisfying the need of every life and nourishing every living body.
Therefore, every drop of water enriches the fertile grounds of life; every drop is a
collection of life.
We believe that thought is also alive. It is the crystallization of life wisdom and the
higher existence and continuation of life. Thought also needs to be nourished from the
source of life to sprout its infinite vitality and release the mind’s eternal luster.
VDS is the source of life and thought- one drop may arouse tidal waves; one drop is
also capable of blooming infinite passion.

V Represents The Power of Life – Every challenge brings about perfect life
metamorphosis
Life always completes sublimation from constant self-challenge, while thought
achieves transcendence under continuous baptism.
In the process of breeding new life and new thought, one must constantly experience
challenge. Every challenge is destined to become the clue and courage for us to
influence and change our world, and ultimately lead us to the victory of global
revolution; to complete the baptism of life and thought, so as to transmute to a higher,
stronger level of existence.
VDS once again presents such a challenge to life and thought, but more so it presents a
challenge for perfect personal metamorphosis.

The Arc Represents Life’s Smile of Freedom – The pursuit of freedom is a
Right of Life
Freedom, should be an innate Right of Life.
Freedom is unfortunately a luxury that every life in this world is striving for.
We exhaust every minute and every second in life defending our rights to freedom, yet
only at the end of life can we truly obtain another kind of freedom- Excorporation.
Freedom is the mission of VDS. Let every life, every thought, born into The Flower of
Life, grown from the Spring of Life, go strongly toward life’s every challenge. Go
pluck the fruits of true freedom; the freedom of life, the freedom of wealth, the
freedom of everything! Here, we not only defend the rights of every life, but more so
lead every life and thought on the walk towards true freedom.

VDS
Issuance

V-Dimension

What is Vollar

Vollar is the name for the basic unit of circulation within the
VDS Ecosystem, as well as its only commercial and financial
medium of exchange. Vollar, aside from being used to keep
track of the system’s account records and make payments, is
also used to activate VIDs, bid for VAD network-wide Ad
spots, incentivizes the operation of master nodes (which
guarantee stability in the network), as well as used to run
smart contracts within the system.

Why is it called Vollar

The U.S. Dollar is the dominant currency of global centralized finance. The name
Vollar combines the ideas of VDS and the Dollar to form a new concept, a gesture to
the notion that Vollar aims to become the dominant “currency of freedom” in the
future of decentralized global finance.

Basic Information

Total Coins
Timestamping Scheme
Mining Algorithm
Block Interval
Block Size

2,100,000,000 Vollar
POW
Equihash+Scrypt
60 seconds
≤8 MB

Initial Reward

500 Vollar

Reduction Era

211,680 Blocks

Reduction Rate

5%

Vollar Issuance

In total there are 2.1 billion Vollar. The opening pre-mined coin count will be 100
million coins and the POW Issuance Equalization Mechanism will yield the remaining
2 billion.

Premined Coins
Pow Issued Coins

Distribution of the 100 million pre-mined coins
The VDS 100 million pre-mined Vollar are to be used as start-up capital for this
project accordingly

a 1:1 ( Bitcoin: Vollar ) Airdrop into all the Bitcoin user accounts

listed on the 558,000 block height, initial financing for the VDS ecosystem, and initial
funding in the resonance pool. The account information for these 100 million premined coins will be disclosed to the community;

Initial Ecosystem Capital
100,000,000 Vollar

BTC Users’ 1:1 Airdrop
17,475,000 Vollar

Resonance V-Pool Starting Capital

VDS Ecosystem Initial Capital

70,525,000 Vollar

12,000,000 Vollar

1. Bitcoin Users’1:1 Airdrop
1.The total number of airdropped coins (17,475,500 Vollar) is in accordance with the
total number of circulating Bitcoins listed on the 558,000 block.
2.A snapshot is taken of the UTXOs from the account ledger of BTC block 558,000.
After the VDS Chain is online, users may take the Bitcoin private keys and place them
into the VDS client-end wallets. You can claim the airdropped Vollar immediately.
There is no time-limit to claim this.
Note 1:
After VDS takes a snapshot of the ledger of block 558,000 Bitcoin users can proceed to import their
private keys into their wallets and collect their Vollar at any time in the future.
Note 2:
A private key that has, for example, 10 Bitcoin at the time of the 558,000 block Ledger snapshot will
receive 10 Vollar after the VDS chain has launched. Should any changes in value under this private
key happen after the 558,000 block snapshot ends, this private key will still receive 10 Vollar from
the 1:1 airdrop.

3.Since VDS and BTC use the same private key mechanism, after the BTC private key
is imported into the VDS wallet, it will automatically transmit into the associated VDS
address, and the corresponding 1:1 airdropped Vollar can be seen directly in the VDS
address.

2

VDS Initial Ecology Startup Funds

A total of 12,000,000 Vollar has been allocated for the initial establishment of the VDS
ecology and shall be used as Clear Web establishment rewards, exchange platform
rewards, mining pool rewards, blockchain superstar super master node creation
rewards, The Consensus Society of Freedom Enlightenment Reward, and market data
platform listing rewards.
An overview of reward allocation is given in the chart below.
Total Ecological Construction
12,000,000 Vollar

2,600,000 Vollar

Mining Pools
1,400,000 Vollar

Super Master Node Creation
1,000,000 Vollar

Market Data Platforms
500,000 Vollar

r
Enlightenment Reward
1,000,000 Vollar

Exchange Platforms
5,500,000 Vollar

Clear Web

For specific details about how initial VDS ecology development funds will be
dispersed, please refer to the VDS Initial Ecological Establishment Fund;

3. Initiation of the Resonance V-Pool
After the 1:1 BTC airdrop and initial ecology startup funds are deducted from the premined 100 million Vollar startup capital, the remaining 70,524,500 Vollar serve as the
initial capital in the Resonance V-Pool, with the V-Pool’s opening exchange rate
coming to a Bitcoin to Vollar ratio of 1:3756.
For more information on how the Resonance V-Pool works, please refer to the section
titled Resonance Trade.

Issuing 2 Billion Vollar-The POW Issuance Equalization
Mechanism
This issuance mechanism uses VID creation as a variable benchmark, which
dynamically adjusts the resonance-issued Vollar and mining-issued Vollar in a way that
guarantees the VDS financial ecology has a balanced and logical coin issuance.
The design of the POW Issuance Equalization Mechanism ensures that the VDS
ecosystem’s newly issued coins and the ecosystem’s cash flow find a relative balance.
How This Mechanism Works:
1. During new block currency issuance, the system confirms adjustment time
according to the VDS block height. The number of newly created VIDs serves as the
adjustment variable. Mining-issued rewards and resonance-issued reward ratios are
dynamically adjusted. Mining-issued rewards may range from 1% - 100% of newlyissued block currency. Resonance-issued rewards range from 0% - 99% of newlyissued block currency.
Note 1: the term “mining-issued” refers to using POW as the method to issue new block currency.

Note 2: “Resonance-issued” is used to describe coin that when within a block-week, the amount of
Vollar spent on newly added VIDs is less than the amount of newly mined coins. The difference here
between newly mined coins and the total amount spent on VIDs is called “over-volume”. Overvolume is automatically directed into the Resonance V-Pool, making the Bitcoin to Vollar conversion
ratio rise, and thus it is finally “issued” as people use Bitcoin to resonate it from the Resonance VPool.

2. The ways that the POW Issuance Equalization Mechanism operates can be separated
into two kinds of phases, the Genesis Phase and Regular Phases:
In the Genesis Phase (blocks 0-30,239), which is roughly 3 block-weeks (1,440x7x3),
all new block currency issued is to be received by the miners. Since the amount of
Vollar consumed to create one VID is set at 10, the system will calculate all the Vollar
consumed but not awarded as prize during VID production, and set the amount of
Vollar used for VID creation in this phase as the next phase’s mining-issued award
amount, averaging this amount across the next phase’s 10,080 blocks as mining-issued
reward.
In the Regular Phases (blocks 30,240-infinity) every phase also serves as a block week
composed of 10,080 blocks. The number of Vollar used to create VIDs in the current
phase will be used to determine the number of mining awards available for the next
phase, and so on.

3. The miners and super master nodes each split 50% of the POW mining-issued
reward.
4. If the total number of newly-issued block currency in the current phase is less than
the total amount of Vollar used in the previous phase to create VIDs, the miners and the
super master nodes can obtain 100% of newly issued block currency. In that case, the
excess difference between the Vollar used to create VIDs and the mining-issued Vollar
will be added to calculations in the next phase.
For example, let’s say the current phase’s total new block currency is 5.04 million
Vollar. In the last block week (10,080 blocks) 5.05 million Vollar were spent to create
new VIDs. Then the mining-issued reward of the current phase is still 5.04 Vollar.
However, in the next phase, the calculation for total Vollar spent on VIDs will include
the additional 10,000 Vollar difference from this current phase.

5. When the total amount of newly-issued block currency from a current phase is
greater than the total amount of Vollar used to create VIDs from the last phase, the
ratio of newly-issued block currency that miners and master node operators can receive
will lower, and the excess portion will serve as over-volume issuance. Over-volume
will be averaged out over every block within the current phase. As new blocks are
issued, the over-volume will go directly into the V-Pool.
For example, if a total of 5.04 million Vollar is issued as new block currency in the
current phase, but in the previous phase only 3.5 million Vollar were used to create
VIDs, the excess 1.54 million Vollar will flow into the Resonance V-Pool.

System
Fees

V-Dimension

System Fees
The VDS wallet can perform multiple types of transactions. Different transaction types
require different handler’s fees. These handler’s fees serve as rewards for miners when
they confirm transactions, as rewards for the super master nodes (which provide
network-wide stability and communication), and as product patent fees for the
promotion of VDS ecological development. This provides the entire social network the
ability to participate in maintenance of the VDS Chain and these fees collectively
guarantee the entire distributed network’s stability and steady operations.
Handler’s fees can be further divided into transaction fees and service fees. Due to the
difference between each type of handler’s fee, the rates on each type, the parties who
receive the fees, and the proportions at which the fees are distributed are all different.

Handler’s Fees

Transaction Fees
1. Standard Transaction Fees
When Vollar is transferred, if the sending address is non-anonymous like a basic
address, a VID address, or a multi-signature address then the system will make
collections according to byte size. The lowest default fee is 0.00000001 Vollar per
byte. In the wallet application, users may choose either basic or rapid transaction
mode. An increase on the handler’s fee improves the speed of transaction
confirmation; 35% of any general transaction fee goes to the miners, while 35% goes
to super master nodes, and the other 30% goes to Heart of Freedom.

2. Anonymous Transaction Fees
When the sending address is anonymous, anonymous transaction fees are generated.
Anonymous transaction fees are 0.5% of the total amount transacted, regardless of
transaction amount, or at least a minimum fee of 0.005 Vollar. The amount for these
handler’s fees cannot be changed.
Anonymous transaction handler’s fees are dispersed as 35% for the miners, 35% for
the super master nodes, and 30% for Heart of Freedom.

3.Smart Contract Fees
When the built-in smart contract function is used (For example: the creation of a Group
Chat or a distributed OTC Exchange). The generated handler’s fee is called a smart
contract handler’s fee. Handler’s fees for smart contracts are the same as for standard
transactions and are charged according to byte size, with a default minimum of
0.00000001 Vollar. The amount for these handler’s fees cannot be changed.
Smart Contract Transaction Fees are distributed 35% for miners, 35% for super master
nodes, and 30% for Heart of Freedom.

Service Fees
Since there are multiple kinds of functions designed into the VDS network, multiple
unique transaction logics are also generated. They can be divided into VID creation
fees, Resonance V-Pool conversions, group administrator fees, and VAD bidding fees.

1. VID Creation Fees
When a user makes a 10 Vollar payment from their non-anonymous address to any
VID address, it activates the Trust Stamp System Network. When any VID is
produced, the system will collect 0.5 Vollar as a VID creation fee. This fee cannot be
changed.

VID creation fees are distributed as 0.1 Vollar for the miners, 0.1 Vollar for the super
master nodes, and 0.3 Vollar for Heart of Freedom.

2. Resonance V-Pool Conversions
After users make a Resonance Trade, the VDS Chain will wait for the Bitcoin to make
6 confirmations in order to guarantee the Top 10 and Lucky 20 winners from the last
game get their Bitcoin. The Resonance V-Pool pays Vollar to the VDS address that
corresponds to the Bitcoin address that initiated the Resonance Trade. The final
conversion ratio used for any amount exchanged in the Resonance V-Pool is taken
after the 6 Bitcoin confirmations are finished, no handler’s fees will be charged, and
the transaction will get priority confirmation.

3. Group Expansion Fees
The member limit on any new group is 1,000 VIDs. When this group limit has been
reached, the group administrator can choose to pay Vollar to expand the group limit.
Each additional member slot added requires an additional 0.01 Vollar group expansion
fee. Group administrators can make expansions according to their needs. The
maximum limit for group expansions is 100,000 members.
The fees generated from group expansion are distributed 50% to super master nodes,
and 50% to the Heart of Freedom.

4. VAD Bidding Fees
VDS designed a unique Ad bidding system, VAD. It serves to connect supply and
demand by providing sellers and buyers with a payment channel that uses Vollar.
Users bid on Ad spots, receiving network-wide Ad broadcast rights. 100% of the Ad
bid revenue is received by super master nodes.
*For more details please refer to System Fees in the appendix.

The VDS
Functions

V-Dimension

The Dual Wallet

The VDS wallet application is designed as a dual wallet. With one application,
decentralized storage of both Vollar and Bitcoin is accomplished. VDS and Bitcoin use
the same elliptic curve cryptography to calculate their respective public key addresses.
After base58check encoding, two different addresses are obtained. Bitcoin addresses
begin with the number 1 while Vollar addresses start with the letter V. The same
private key is used for both Vollar and Bitcoin assets so that they can be safely and
rapidly managed together.
The VDS wallet can monitor and manage transactions for offline wallets from a
separate online wallet, satisfying the users' demands for both kinds of asset storage.
The VDS wallet supports HD addresses, basic addresses and multi-signature addresses
for both Vollar and Bitcoin, which can provide users with a professional, high-quality,
user-experience.

This design, which facilitates cross-blockchain interaction, is the foundation of the
core function VDS Resonance Trade. It can make Bitcoin to Vollar cross-blockchain,
one-way exchanges under completely anonymous and decentralized conditions, which
provides important support for VDS's inherent financial balance.
Through this decentralized and anonymous exchange method, Bitcoin can not only be
exchanged into Vollar such that the exchange results in a greater overall legal tender
value, but also enable users to trade anonymously through VDS after exchanging
Bitcoin into Vollar (zero-knowledge proof) so as to ensure asset anonymity. It will also
be possible to exchange any legal tender in the world through OTC Trade in VDS’s
distributed chat groups under complete anonymity.

The Trust Stamp Network

VID
VIDs are the form of ID used within the VDS community, and more importantly it is
the only ID verification method that possesses the ability to access VDS at all. It’s like
a key that allows its user to unlock all sorts of functions and applications such as the
Trust Stamp System and Secret Chat. To a large degree, only once one possesses a
VID are they truly able to experience the powerful freedom network- VDS.
In the future, VID will become the virtual ID of the Internet and serve as a kind of
standard of measure for one’s personal value. According to the value of a VID, many
kinds of websites may allow free scan-in registration; more privileges and services
may be enjoyed by VIDs of higher value. You can say that a VID will become the
anonymous virtual ID of the future as it gets widely applied to the entire internet.

Creating A VID
There are only two ways to create a VID.
The first way is to activate a Genesis VID. Details are as follows.
a. VDS will take a snapshot of all accounts when BTC reaches block 558,000. Private
Keys with a UTXO exceeding 0.1 BTC are qualified to obtain a free Genesis VID
within blocks 0-231,839 of the VDS Chain (Approx. 161 days). Free Genesis VIDs can
no longer be claimed once VDS reaches block 231,840.
b. Every BTC private key address with a UTXO Balance greater than or equal to 0.1
Bitcoin is able to receive a one-time Genesis VID. Once one UTXO has received a
genesis VID, the other UTXOs under the same private key with a balance greater than
or equal to 0.1 Bitcoin cannot receive a Genesis VID.
For Example: If a BTC Wallet is holding 1 Bitcoin, and 3 addresses within it possess
UTXOs greater than or equal to 0.1 Bitcoin, then (A) UTXO has 0.2 Bitcoin, (B)
UTXO has 0.3 Bitcoin, (C) UTXO has 0.5 Bitcoin. If the (B) UTXO address obtains
the Genesis VID, then (A) and (C) UTXO will not be able to obtain a Genesis VID.
c. After successfully meeting the conditions of properly importing a BTC Private key
into your VDS wallet and receiving your Genesis VID, you need to perform a VID
invitation before block 231,839. After you have successfully invited a VID, your
Genesis VID can be regarded as activated, and you may possess it forever.
Note: If Genesis VID activation has not been completed successfully, the system will cancel Genesis
VID qualification on block 231,840.

The second way is by receiving an invitation from another VID. Details are as follows:
a. By sending 10 Vollar to another VID address from your own non-anonymous VDS
Address, that sending address will immediately become a VID;
b. An anonymous VDS addresses cannot create a VID. If an anonymous address sends
10 Vollar to another VID address, the system will regard this as just a standard
transaction.

The Trust Stamp
Cooperation is the most important driving power of human civilization. However
without trust, there is no cooperation. The friction of cooperation is the critical element
affecting humankind’s socio-cultural development. Finding a way to solve the trust
problem has always been fundamentally difficult to achieve in the centralized world.
The Blockchain is the first product in human history that solves the Trust Problem
through technological means. This is the core value of the blockchain. The consensus
trust system built by blockchain brings trust into its highest state, into a kind of passive
trust model. Through this connection of consensus, a complete common body is
formed; relying on the power of all lives to resist against inner fears of the heart,
daring to trust, to embrace cooperation. We can understand it as a consensus agreement
with no need for trust, a kind of agreement made from love.
A VID is the ID badge within the VDS society, a unique kind of transaction address
that maintains relationship interconnections according to the unique transactions
between addresses. This forms a continuous fission promotion network making VDS
users more closely connected. Blockchain technology has solved the trust issue and
guaranteed transparent capital and safety in profit distribution. It is an extremely
important component within the VDS design.

The VDS project, a breakthrough in blockchain technology, is the first to combine
multi-level, fission promotion game with cashflow rewards channels. This new form of
technology changes the rules on existing finance games through technological means,
thoroughly ending all kinds of capital fraud that occur in society. In the future, people
will be aware that if the law isn’t enough to help them solve problems, relying on
blockchain and consensus network of the masses can find the answer to solving these
problems.
The system relies on blockchain to satisfy multi-level interpersonal fission revenue
distributions and solve the Trust Problem. We call it the Trust Stamp System because,
like a stamp, it can seal an agreement so that it may not be altered. Through group
consensus we no longer need worry about the Trust Problem.

1. Trust Stamp Structure
The whole Trust Stamp Network can be depicted as a countless set of pyramid
structures. Through the Trust Stamp System, all interpersonal relationship networks are
made transparent and traceable on the VDS Chain. The benefits of Interpersonal
relationship expansion are all received by Trust Stamp System users. This not only
builds a bridge of trust among users, but also stamps its eternally inalterable seal, the
Trust Stamp.

The number of Genesis VIDs successfully activated on the VDS Chain is the number
of Trust Stamp Pyramids that will emerge. Every Trust Stamp Pyramid can possess an
unlimited number of relationship locks. That is also to say that every Genesis VID is at
the very top of every Trust Stamp Pyramid. All Fission relationships begin from these
Genesis VIDs.
Every Trust Stamp Pyramid possesses its own unique chain of interpersonal
relationships. The fission rewards each VID (including Genesis VIDs) may earn from
their Trust Stamp may at most reach 12 vertical levels. Within these 12 levels, direct
and indirect fission promotions can both earn rewards. Each VID address can fission
out 12 VID locked relations; that is to say under each VID, fission can reach up to
9,726,655,034,460 (approx. 9.7 trillion) fission-relation VIDs.

12
144
1728
20736
248832
2985984
35831808
429981696

9726655034460

5159780352
61917364224
743008370688
8916100448256

This is a gigantic marketing/sales relationship network. Even if we could invite every
single person in the entire world to add onto our VID Trust Stamp System, there is still
no way to fill it out. Said from another angle, this is a never-ending promotion rewards
game.

2. Trust Stamp System Fission Rules
Aside from Genesis VIDs, basic addresses that wish to become VIDs need to pay 10
Vollar to another VID to activate the VID system. A direct invite reward of 3.5 Vollar
is earned by the VID that sends the friend request. Another 6 Vollar in system rewards
will be divided into 12 portions of 0.5 Vollar each, and disbursed among the
relationship-locked VIDs in 12 levels above it, including that VID which sent out the
invitation (as shown in the picture).
+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r
+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

+ 0 . 5 Vo l l a r
+ 3 . 5 Vo l l a r

New VID

In order to better balance the VDS financial system, the Vollar received from direct
invitation rewards and system rewards gets locked for a period of 10,080 blocks, and is
only usable after that.
Every newly created VID will generate 10 Vollar of rewards for the community; direct
invite rewards of 3.5 Vollar, system rewards of 6 Vollar, and 0.5 Vollar as a
comprehensive system service fee.

6 Vo l l a r

3 . 5 Vo l l a r

0 . 5 Vo l l a r

An explanation of the differences between direct invite rewards, system rewards, and
comprehensive system service fees are given below.
1.Direct Invitation Rewards
When a VID invites a basic address to become a VID on any of the 12 levels within its
own Trust Stamp System, 3.5 Vollar are produced as a direct invite reward for the
inviting VID.
+ 1 0 . 5 Vo l l a r

12
144

VID A invited VID B, VID C, and VID D. Although the newly added VIDs invited by
VID A are not on the same level, VID A can still receive direct invite rewards from B,
C, and D. Every newly added VID will provide 3.5 Vollar to VID Alice. As seen in the
diagram, VID A has received a total of 10.5 Vollar in direct invite rewards.
Every VID can perform up to 9.7 trillion direct invites, however must fill up each of its
levels in top to bottom order. Once the 12 VID spots in the first level of the Trust
Stamp System are filled, the next level can be used to continue filling in new VIDs.
A newly invited VID can be placed under any VID in the 12-level system, which helps
other VIDs expand their Trust Stamp System. This is a kind of top-down mutual
assistance built into the fission recommendation design, which allows higher up VIDs
to fill in the levels of lower VIDs. Only the 0.5 Vollar system reward is earned by a
VID that gets a lower spot filled by another VID; there is no way for them to obtain
direct invitation rewards.

For every newly added VID, the inviting party receives
+ 1 2 Vo l l a r

3.5+0.5=4 Vollar in rewards. That is also to say for any
VID, after inviting 3 new VIDs, the 10 Vollar spent to
create the VID is reclaimed, and an easy 2 Vollar in net
profit are earned.

2. System Rewards
Every activated VID will provide 6 Vollar in system rewards for the 12 VIDs relationlocked in the 12 levels directly above it. Every directly connected VID receives 0.5
Vollar in rewards. There is a requirement VIDs must meet before they can receive
system rewards from every level; that is that the first level in a VID Trust Stamp
System must fission out 12 new VIDs. If all 12 spots are not filled, the number of
VIDs created in the first level serves as the corresponding number of levels that a VID
can receive system rewards from.
Get L1-L6

L1
L2
L3

L 12

If there are six VIDs spots filled in VID Alice’s first level, then she can receive system
rewards from levels one through six in her Trust Stamp System; system rewards from
levels seven to twelve cannot be obtained.
Therefore, all unclaimable system rewards will go directly in the Resonance V-Pool,
and will be permanently lost. This is referred to as system loss.

Direct relationship VIDs can only obtain all 12 levels of system rewards under one
condition; they must fully fill the 12 VID spots in level one (whether a VID is invited
into that spot by you or others, both are valid); only then can the VID get all 12 vertical
levels’ worth of system rewards for the newly created VIDs within its Trust Stamp
System.

Get L1-L12

L1
L2
L3

L 12

3. Comprehensive System Service Fee
Excluding Genesis VIDs, which are claimed free-of-charge, every VID created
generates a 0.5 Vollar comprehensive system service fee of which 0.3 Vollar goes to
Heart of Freedom as a patent fee, 0.1 Vollar goes to super master nodes as a network
data service fee, and 0.1 Vollar goes to the miners as a block confirmation fee.
Please note: Heart of Freedom is the address that the VDS development team uses to collect patent
fees for product use from VID users. This is a decentralized model of intellectual property revenue,
serving to balance VDS ecological development, connect development team revenue with VDS
community development, and provide the whole community with stronger support.

Resonance Trade is the Bitcoin to Vollar, one-way exchange channel designed into
VDS. By using the same elliptic curve algorithm, BTC and VDS are able to use the
same private key, after that the private key is passed through base58check code to get
individual BTC and VDS public addresses. After Bitcoin is resonated into Vollar, the
VDS public key addresses receive all of the converted Vollar under that same private
key.
This design can convert Bitcoin into Vollar under absolutely anonymous and
decentralized conditions.

In VDS, the Regular Phase is called CEX, and means that coins can be exchanged
forever, as here X stands for limitless circulation.
The following content elaborates on the Resonance Trade Regular Phase, thoroughly
explaining the methods in which it operates and facilitates exchanges.

Resonance Trade
1.First, create a VDS wallet private key, switch to the BTC wallet, acquire a BTC
public key, transfer Bitcoin into that address, then through the VDS wallet Resonance
Trade function, startup a Bitcoin to Vollar one-way conversion.
2.Import a BTC private key into the VDS wallet directly, start a Bitcoin to Vollar oneway resonance trade with the VDS wallet Resonance Trade function.

Resonance V-Pool
In Resonance Trade, the bitcoin to Vollar one-way exchange is based on the dynamic
ratio in the resonance V-Pool. We call the calculation method used to find the Bitcoin
to Vollar exchange ratio the Resonance V-Pool.

Percentage Remaining
1 level 10 BTC
1 level 10 BTC

N

10N

N-1

10(N-1)

3

30

2

20
10

1

1:N
1 : (N-1)

1:3
1:2
1:1
BTC : Voller

1.The Resonance V-Pool Structure
A. Resonance V-Pool assumes an inverted triangular shape, composed by unlimited
levels of different exchange ratios. The amount of Vollar in the V-Pool determines the
conversion level number, and the current conversion ratio.
B. Every level in the Resonance V-Pool has a conversion capacity benchmarked at 10
Bitcoin, which is the maximum amount of Vollar that can be exchanged for based on
the Resonance V-Pool’s dynamic ratio. The corresponding Vollar supply for each level
is 10 times the level ratio.
C. The bottom level of the inverted triangle is the first level of the Resonance V-Pool.
This level has a Bitcoin to Vollar conversion ratio of 1:1.
D.Based on the Vollar amount and Bitcoin conversion limit within the Resonance VPool, every increase of one level the Bitcoin and Vollar conversion ratio increases by
one. For example: at level two the Bitcoin to Vollar ratio is 1:2. At level three, the ratio
is 1:3, and so on. So it is the same on other levels: so at N levels away from level one,
the corresponding Bitcoin to Vollar exchange ratio is 1:N.

2.Sources of Vollar in the Resonance V-Pool
A. The initial amount of Vollar in the Resonance V-Pool is 70,525,000. For the rest of
this 100 million pre-mined Vollar, 17,475,000 will be airdropped and 12,000,000 will
serve as the initial VDS ecological development capital.
Note: With 70,525,000 Vollar in the Resonance V-Pool the basic conversion ratio
between Bitcoin and the initial supply of Vollar is 1:3,756.
100 Million Pre-mined Vollar

Airdrop
17,475,000 Vollar

1:3,756
BTC : Voller

Initial V-Pool Funds
Ecological Construction

70,525 000

12,000,000 Vollar

B. Every level in the Resonance V-Pool has a conversion capacity benchmarked at 10
Bitcoin, which is the maximum amount of Vollar that can be exchanged for based on
the Resonance V-Pool’s dynamic ratio. The corresponding Vollar supply for each level
is 10 times the level ratio.
C. The bottom level of the inverted triangle is the first level of the Resonance V-Pool.
This level has a Bitcoin to Vollar conversion ratio of 1:1.
D. Based on the Vollar amount and Bitcoin conversion limit within the Resonance VPool, every increase of one level the Bitcoin and Vollar conversion ratio increases by
one. For example: at level two the Bitcoin to Vollar ratio is 1:2. At level three, the ratio
is 1:3, and so on. So it is the same on other levels: so at N levels away from level one,
the corresponding Bitcoin to Vollar exchange ratio is 1:N.

Resonance
Bitcoin to Vollar conversions are one-way. Bitcoin can be converted into Vollar, but
Vollar cannot be converted into Bitcoin
Since the BTC blockchain confirmations need a definite time, the final Vollar amount
participants receive is calculated according to the exchange ratio in the Resonance VPool at the moment when the system finally makes payment, after Bitcoin
confirmation. The real-time Resonance Trade conversion ratio can be checked.
Increasing the BTC handler’s fee increases the rate of mining confirmation, and
effectively decreases the possibility of deviations in the conversion ratio.
When all of the Vollar within a level has been exchanged out, the system is set to
automatically drop one level to continue exchanges. When the Vollar supply in one
level increases by more than 10 Bitcoin, the conversion level and thus conversion ratio
increase by 1.
One Resonance Trade can contain multiple exchange ratios.
When there is no Vollar left in the Resonance V-Pool but still a demand for Vollar, all
Bitcoin conversion orders paid out must wait in line. An order’s place in line is
determined according to the time at which BTC confirmation is made.
Pay BTC
Confirmed 6 times

success

Top 10
Lucky 20

BTC Add

Activate
V-Pool

Vollar Add
Pay Vollar

Resonance Trade orders will wait in line until all 6 Bitcoin confirmations are complete.
The system will handle them in first to last order. If there is not enough Vollar for the
first trade in line, the system will wait until there is enough Vollar for the first order to
make its exchange.

When Bitcoin is resonated, the Resonance handler’s fee is double the average BTC
handler’s fee. Theoretically, the lowest amount of Bitcoin that a user converts should
not be less than the sum used as a handler’s fee.
In Resonance Trade, the VDS Chain will give these transactions priority and cancel the
handler’s fee when the Resonance V-Pool pays Vollar to the VDS address of the BTC
users.
Special Conversion Rules
Once the VDS Chain is online, from block height 0-30,239 a BTC address can directly
make payments to the Genesis ICEX BTC address and can at most obtain 5 times the
Bitcoin rewards. The VDS address generated by its corresponding BTC private key
can instantly receive Vollar from the Resonance V-Pool.
VDS (0-30,239 Block)

Pay BTC
Confirmed 6 times
BTC Address

Pay Vollar X 5 (0-10,079 Block)

Vollar Address

Pay Vollar X 3 (10,080-20,159 Block)

Activate
V-Pool

Pay Vollar X 1.5 (20,160-30,239 Block)

ICEX and CEX are the two Resonance Trade Phases, the purpose of ICEX is to drive
initial ecological development and allow Vollar to freely set its market price.
Note: For more details regarding ICEX, please refer to the section titled ICEX in the Whitepaper.

Resonance Trade is the most convenient way for users to get Vollar. This conversion
process also allows the VDS financial market to self-adjust, forming a healthy and
balanced financial fulcrum.

VAD is a noncentralized Ad-bidding broadcast system. The Ad with the highest bid is
selected for broadcast across all nodes where the information is then inserted into
every VDS wallet, creating both accurate and effective commercial connections, and
perfecting Vollar’s ability to serve as a usable currency. We call this type of Ad a
network-wide broadcast.
Relying on the giant user base created by Trust Stamp Network fission promotions,
VAD will become a super broadcast station for VDS users worldwide.
The specifics on VAD design principles and its rules of use are given below:

Requirements for Participating in Network-Wide Bids
Basic, Multisignature, and VID addresses can all make bids and broadcast
advertisements, however anonymous addresses are unable to make broadcast bids.
Any VDS address that participates in making a bid needs a UTXO of at least 100
Vollar.

Bids for Network-Wide Ad Spots
1. Ad Spots Available
The system generates one network-wide Ad spot
every 60 blocks (approximately 1 hour) and
provides 24 Ad spots to choose from, users can
freely choose any network-wide Ad spot to bid on.

2. Making Bids
Participants can make multiple bids simultaneously by using separate UTXOs. A
single UTXO cannot bid again for an Ad spot until the first bid it is locked-in to is
finished.
The initial bid price for every Ad is 100 Vollar, so any UTXO used to make a bid must
be greater than or equal to 100 Vollar.
Every time a participant makes a bid, it takes the current maximum network-wide bid
for that Ad as a base number, then the bid increase must be greater than or equal to
10% of the most recent bid and must also be a whole number. If for example, the price
is 10.12 Vollar or 10.87 Vollar after the 10% increase, the system will round it up to 11
Vollar.
Any Ad spot may only accept one bid per UTXO in every 10-block interval.
At last, the VDS Chain will choose the Ad information with the highest bid for
network wide broadcast.
If 2 or more participants have made bids of the same price, the VDS chain transaction
time is taken to serve as the standard to determine which finally receives broadcast
rights. In other words, if two bidders have the same size bid, the person who bids
earliest is the winner.

3. Paying Ad Bid Fees
Once the bid is placed, the UTXO in the user’s wallet will be locked. This locked
UTXO cannot perform any transaction. If the bid is for the 24th Ad (the furthest off Ad
that can be bidded on), the UTXO may stay locked for up to 1,440 blocks.
Once the current bid is finished, the contents of the successful bid will be published 60
blocks later. The system will deduct the bid amount from the locked UTXO and make
its payment to the super master nodes. Then the UTXO will be unlocked for use.

There is only one condition where the UTXO may be unlocked before the bid is
finished. Let’s assume Alice is the top bidder at the moment, if the new bidder Bob
offers a higher bid price, then Alice’s UTXO will be unlocked and Bob’s UTXO will
be locked.

Network-Wide Broadcast Ad Content
The number of Ads displayed on the client-side page is 25 in total; 24 basic Ads plus
the Top VAD. Aside from this Top VAD, every basic Ad will be displayed for at most
1,440 blocks.
Taking the current Ad spot as the No. 0th advertisement, the 24 basic Ads will be
displayed on the following 24 Ad spots from No. 1 through 24. If there is any Ad spot
that has not received any bid, this Ad spot will not be displayed due to lack of Ad
content.
After the bid for the former Ad spot is finished, the bidder with highest bid wins
broadcast rights. However, the Ad won’t be broadcast and displayed network-wide in
the client-side wallet for another 60 blocks, just as shown in the picture. The current
Ad spot is considered broadcast No. 0 and therefore is not displayed.
Block N
Bidding
End of auction has not yet been shown

Current
block

Showing
Expired
Showing
Bidding

King

If the price of any winning Ad bid exceeds the bid price of the previous all-time
highest Ad bid, then it becomes the new Top Ad and remains displayed continuously
in the Top Ad spot and holds title of Trust Stamp Fission Game Sponsor until there is a
new Top Ad.

The display time of a basic Ad is 1,440 blocks (approx. 24 hrs). After 1,440 blocks, the
information will be automatically removed from the chain.
The content of any Ad may include a title, hyperlink, VDS address, and text body.
Participants may create/edit an Ad draft in advance on the editing page and save
content to local storage.

In a centralized network, all our social information and identity information are stored
in centralized servers. Once the centralized server is attacked or exploited, our private
information is used for all kinds of commercial, political and criminal activities. VDS
Secret Chat, a highly private social networking tool, was developed through
decentralized and cryptographic technologies that solve privacy and security issues.

Information Transmission
1. An Anonymous Network
The difference it has between centralized chatting applications where all of the
information is sent to and/or stored on a centralized server is that the VDS Secret Chat
function does not have any centralized server, but make the countless master nodes on
the VDS Chain serve as a “distributed server” for information transmission. These
master nodes only provide services like data operation and information transmission,
however do not store information related to the user. All the master nodes’ IPs are
hidden. That is to say, no one can track or lock these hidden servers.
The countless master nodes on the VDS chain that compose the distributed anonymous
server have forged the VDS distributed anonymous network. Whatever information is
transmitted through VDS, the distributed, anonymous network- can rest assured on
safety. All the information will be stored in our local devices only. No one will be able
to have access to the information except the communicating parties.

2. Distributed Encrypted Transmissions
Each message is transmitted through different master nodes; no one single master node
can capture all of the communication information. In the VDS distributed anonymous
network, every message sent can be encrypted with different encryption algorithms.
Even if someone controls all the master nodes, the encrypted information cannot be
easily decrypted.

3. Identity Privacy
A VID is the only element required to use VDS Secret Chat. Authentication of real,
personally identifiable information is not required.

Operating Secret Chat
1. Enabling Secret Chat
The VDS Secret Chat function will be enabled automatically after users create their
VIDs.

2. Contact Lists
The Secret Chat function is also the management device for the VID Trust Stamp
System. Relation-linked VIDs in the Trust Stamp Network can make friend requests to
be added onto another’s contact list for more convenient chatting and business
communication within the network.
Since every user can create multiple VIDs, the contact lists of multiple VIDs are not
synchronized. Users can switch VIDs to participate in Secret Chat with different social
circles.

3. Adding Contacts
Add contacts by scanning a QR code or directly typing in the other party’s VID
address.
Both parties must be online during the process of adding friends.

4. Conversations
VDS Secret Chat is a decentralized private social tool. Currently, text, voice, picture,
emoji, files and videos can be transmitted. Real time voice or video calls cannot be
made.
Instant communication can be achieved only when both parties are online. When one
party is offline, sent messages will be suspended by local software. When the recipient
is online, the message will be sent to him immediately.
Even if multiple VIDs are owned by a single user, only one VID can be logged on
under each private key. Therefore, the corresponding VID has to be logged when you
want to chat with someone. Switching VIDs on and offline can be performed on the
VID homepage.
Secret Chat Content can be shared within the application. By long-pressing the
information, it can be forwarded to another contact.
For more details on this operation, please refer to the instruction manual.

5. Group Chat Function
Secret Chat is equipped with a group function which can accommodate communication
between multiple users. Every VID can create a group or add a group to communicate
with multiple people.

VID Group Rules
When the 12 VID spots in the first level under a user’s VID Trust Stamp System is
full, the privilege to create one independent group will be enabled;

Only one group can be created per VID;
There is no upper limit on the number of people in every group. However, in order to
balance the network, the group owner will have to pay an expansion charge to super
master nodes when it reaches 1,000 people; 0.01 Vollar must be paid per VID added.
Since all operations are completed with smart contracts, VDS Chain transaction fees
will be charged for operations such as adding members, blocking/removing members,
making group announcements, and so on;
Group entry fees are set by the group Administrator;
Note: For more on group creation and the group function, please refer to

Distributed OTC Trade

Looking from a perspective of finance it can be discerned that cryptocurrency at its
very nature is actually an independent economic entity. In today’s battle between
decentralized and centralized finance, building a cash flow channel that is sufficient
enough to allow cryptocurrency to continuously be exchanged for global legal tenders
has become the key to success for decentralized finance.
A superconductor is a conductor whose electrical resistance reaches zero once the
substance reaches a certain temperature. Inspired by this, the VDS Cryptocurrency
Superconduction Plan was born. Through the comprehensive designs made by the
VDS product masters and financial experts, the cryptocurrency exchange channels are
completely dispersed, eliminating the resistance of centralized finance.
In VDS, any VID can build its own OTC exchange through the distributed,
anonymous, private group chat function which relies on OTC Smart Contracts to
guarantee the safety of both parties. This design is capable of forming an enormous,
anonymous, dispersed OTC marketplace; allowing every person to participate in
cryptocurrency exchanges and forming an enormous cryptocurrency superconducting
network.
A traditional cryptocurrency exchange that wishes to survive in the current
cryptocurrency market must face lots of problems and risks such as 3rd party
intervention, limitations on legal tender channels, and lack of target users. However,
VDS’s superconducting cryptocurrency network has perfectly solved the
aforementioned problems and risks, has eliminated all resistance from centralized
finance, and is capable of expanding the exchange business to every corner of the
globe.

Cryptocurrency Superconducting Network
The foundation for creating the distributed superconducting financial ecology is its
chat groups. Every single group is the key to establish a distributed OTC exchange
market. In VDS you must have a VID to begin using the VDS anonymous chat
function. The only way to become a VID-holding user is to join in the VDS Trust
Stamp System. This will continuously bring users to exchange Vollar in our OTC
function, and guarantee the vitality of the distributed OTC market. Since every VID
user is also a holder of Vollar, VDS’s distributed OTC trade market also has the most
accurate target user base.
The superconducting financial ecology endowed by VDS uses Vollar to facilitate
exchanges; it requires no 3rd party, so users can complete cryptocurrency trades with
high efficiency. This greatly increases the life-force of the VDS ecology. Each OTC
exchange market produced within a chat group can connect with any legal currency on
the globe. This provides VDS with sufficient cashflows, supporting the continuous
expansion of its total market value.

1. Creating a Group Chat
Any VID user that wishes to create a group must fill the 12 spots in the first level
under its Trust Stamp System. The system will then grant you permission to create a
group chat. Each VID may only create one group, and possess only one OTC exchange
market.
There are two types of groups; basic groups and entry-fee groups. Group
administrators can choose whether applicants who enter the group must pay a fee or
not on the “create group” and “manage group” interfaces. This entry fee is paid to the
group administrator. Group creation and operation are performed through a smart
contract function, and thus handler’s fees must be paid to the network.

2. Initial group limitations and expansions
Each group is limited to 1,000 free entries. After reaching 1,000 members, the group
administrator may expand this quota by making a Vollar payment. The fee for each
additional person is 0.01 Vollar and the maximum member limit per group is 100,000.
The fees produced for group expansion are forwarded to super master nodes and the
Heart of Freedom.

Distributed OTC
1. Starting up a Distributed OTC
For group chats that want to activate the OTC function, the group administrator must
have entered the Top 100 within any weekly game. Every game excludes all previous
Top 100 players (VIDs) from all previous games. When the group-chat-contract is
created the administrator sets parameters for the OTC such as the commission size,
accepted currency, and accepted payment channels.
In order to guarantee the rights and interests of all participants on the exchange, the
currency with which Vollar is exchanged cannot be modified once confirmed, and
there is no way to deactivate the OTC function after its initialization.

2. Group Administrator Revenues
Administrators get paid in two ways; the first is the fixed-ratio commission from OTC
trades, which shall be borne by the seller; and the second is from new-member entry
fees, which are set by the group administrator.

OTC Exchange
1. OTC Markets
Those who participate in OTC trades can choose to either buy or sell Vollar. Every
online VID can at most post one buy or sell order. After posting an order, it will be
displayed in the OTC market. OTC Markets can only display orders from online VIDs.
Once the VID is offline, the market will no longer display its order. This is to improve
operational efficiency. Buy and sell orders are displayed 10 orders deep. Orders posted
with the same price merge to into one order listing. Once orders enter the negotiation
table they will no longer be displayed on the market.

2. The Negotiation Table
After users start an order, they will be directed into the negotiation table process. In the
event that there are no disputes, the negotiation table will display prompts to help
guide both parties through the exchange. The group administrator can be called upon to
facilitate arbitration when disputes arise.

After the negotiation table is created, the seller is prompted to lock the coin. The
seller’s locked-up currency is the sum to be sold plus commissions. The paid-out
Vollar is stored within an OTC contract. Then, the negotiation table sends out a
notification to the buyer as a payment reminder. When the buyer has made payment
according the seller’s demands and submitted confirmation, the seller needs to check
for the deposit and confirm receipt of payment. The contract then automatically remits
the seller’s Vollar into the buyer’s address and the commission is automatically
remitted to the group administrator.

3. Administrator Arbitration
Administrator Arbitration is separated into two kinds of situations
After creation of a smart contract on the negotiation table and after the seller locks
their currency (sell amount plus commission); if the buyer has not confirmed payment,
exchange has no way to continue. In this case the seller may apply for arbitration and
the group administrator can perform either of two operations:
a. Decide OTC exchange success. Determine the buyer has already paid the seller and
continue completing the exchange process. The smart contract will automatically remit
the seller’s sell amount to the buyer, finishing the exchange.
b. Decide OTC exchange failure. Determine the buyer actually has not made a deposit
to the seller. The smart contract will automatically return the seller’s locked currency
(sell amount plus commission), and the negotiation table will close.
After creating a smart contract on the negotiation table and after the seller locks their
currency (sell amount plus commission) and after the buying party has already
confirmed payment; if the seller has not confirmed receipt of payment, the buyer has
no way to receive his or her Vollar. In this case the buying party may apply for
arbitration and the group administrator can perform either of two operations:
a. Decide OTC exchange success. Determine the buyer has already paid the seller and
continue completing the exchange process. The smart contract will automatically remit
the seller’s sell amount to the buyer, finishing the exchange.
b. Decide OTC exchange failure. Determine the buyer has not actually made a deposit
to the seller. The smart contract will return the seller’s locked currency (sell amount
plus commission), and the negotiation table will close.

Anonymous Transactions

In the age of data sharing, the protection of our privacy is becoming a more and more
serious problem. It is time for us to find the balance between big data and absolute
privacy, to protect our privacy during the process of using information.
Especially in the centralized economic model, assets are under both a transparent and
non-autonomous state. Every cent we spend is traceable. Our asset security is faced
with big challenges.
The emergence of Bitcoin allows us a glimpse of hope for the respect, privacy and
security of our assets. However, along with the intervention of centralization and the
exceedingly strict governance of exchange platform information, the privacy of Bitcoin
is continuously decreasing. In recent years, all kinds of cryptocurrencies with high
anonymity are becoming popular in the cryptocurrency market. We have to admit that
anonymous trade holds a strong demand within the market.
The demand to promote asset privacy with anonymous trade is increasing day by day.
Since only with anonymous trade can we protect our assets with high efficiency and
greater freedom. Only when we have absolute control and autonomy over our assets
can fortune conjure up more hope for mankind.
Anonymous trade not only ensures asset security from its root, but also provides more
situations in which the capital can be used. In many occasions, we need a more
secretive method for making payments or receiving money. Anonymous trade can
avoid unnecessary risks. It is an indispensable procedure especially for large
commercial activities which require a more secure means for protecting asset flow.
Technically, VDS uses the Zcash Sapling version of zero-knowledge proof for
anonymous transactions, which is a field-tested, thoroughly anonymous method.

The guarantee of privacy for these kinds of anonymous transactions comes from the
fact that shielded transactions can be fully encrypted on the blockchain, but can still be
verified to be valid under the network's uniform rules by using zero-knowledge proof.
To put it in a simple way, this is the equivalent of us taking a snapshot of the page that
holds our account records in the Ledger then tearing the page out. No one knows where
the funds have gone, but the photos in our hands can prove we have the funds that can
be recognized by the General Ledger, that they are in existence, and attributed to us.
Zero-knowledge proof is a form of evidence in which people can prove that they have
certain information without revealing it and without any interaction between them. The
“zero knowledge” proof allows a party (prover) to prove to the other party (the
verifier) that the statement is true and does not reveal any information beyond the
validity of the statement itself. For example, given a hash of a random number, the
prover can persuade the verifier that a number with the hash value does exist, without
revealing what it is.
In the "knowledge proof” of zero-knowledge, the prover can not only make the verifier
convinced that the number exists, but actually they know the number. However, no
additional information about the number is revealed. (Please refer to the Zcash
whitepaper)
A "simple" zero-knowledge proof can be verified in a few milliseconds, and the
evidence is only a few hundred bytes long, even for very large program statements. In
the first zero-knowledge protocol, the prover and the verifier were required to pass
multiple rounds of verification back and forth. However, in a “non-interactive”
construct, the proof includes a single message sent from the prover to the verifier.
Currently, the most efficient way proven to generate zero-knowledge proofs that are
non-interactive as well as short enough to be published to the blockchain is to have an
initial setup phase that generates a common reference string that is shared between the
prover and the verifier.

Users can realize the absolute privacy for private property in VDS. In this way, we can
completely hide the targeted transaction information for both parties, and achieve
absolute anonymity through the aid of zero-knowledge proofs, thus further ensuring
the security of the information.
Anonymous transactions in VDS also give Vollar more of an ability to function as a
“cash” currency, which will also lead to a greater range of application scenarios. At the
same time, thorough integration of open ledger and privacy protection also enables
users to participate in social and financial activities more transparently and
autonomously.

Master Nodes

There are specific requirements for master nodes. They must be online 24 hours every
day, constantly synchronizing data among the distributed network servers. Other nodes
use them to synchronize dynamic data changes from across the entire network. These
master nodes need a remarkable amount of bandwidth and have set hardware
requirements. Master nodes are highly important for the health of the network because
they allow more stability for information transfer and data synchronization across the
entire VDS Chain, providing a better user experience for every participant in VDS.
VDS Chain transaction data synchronization, VAD Broadcasts, Secret Chat, and other
functions all need master node support.
The master nodes of the VDS Ecology are divided into super master nodes and light
master nodes. The operations of the entire VDS Ecology cannot occur without the
maintenance of master nodes. In this decentralized network with complete social
autonomy, VDS hopes more hobbyists will come to participate in creating master
nodes to service the network, working together to guarantee stable operations within
the VDS network.
Every VID user which has met the requirements can become a super master node or
light master node. Participants can provide network support and receive a substantial
payback. Participants may reap the awards of providing network service, which will
guarantee unceasing and effective expansion of the network. With the growing number
of super master nodes and light master nodes, the security, stability and smoothness of
the network will continue to improve. On the basis of such network, VDS will realize
its wider applicational implementation and functional practice, achieve its ultimate
goal of transplanting the Centralized Internet into a decentralized network ecology and
jointly realize true network freedom so as to lay the foundation for future human
society.

Master Node Creation and Basic Functions
Master Nodes are the foundation of the VDS anonymous network and also the
channels used to pass encrypted information. All master nodes participating in VDS
network maintenance must use their VID address for network identification to achieve
anonymity. None of the master nodes provide IP addresses or Port Numbers,
guaranteeing anonymity and information safety.
Super master nodes and light master nodes only act as information transmitters in the
VDS Network. None of the master node servers will store users’ chat records or any
other information. When users access the Secret Chat function, every single message
transmitted can be sent through different super master nodes and use separate
encryption algorithms. It is not possible for 3rd parties to obtain users’ chat records.
Master nodes only serve as a channel. The information users exchange and advertising
content are both stored on the user-end. This is designed to provide every user the
maximum degree of privacy.

Super Master Node Operation Requirements
Super master nodes and light master nodes are created through the VDS PC client-side
wallet.
The master nodes must stay online continuously in order to provide information
transmission and data synchronization.
A VID is required for network identification, the block height must also fully
synchronized. Master node servers must then bind with a VID address, any given
network ID can only support one master node.
Master Node Hardware Requirements
As a VDS distributed network server, master nodes have minimum hardware
requirements. If a participant’s hardware is not up to standard, it could go offline,
crash, or face other problems, which will affect master node

rewards. Theoretically, the better the hardware configuration is, the faster network
information transfers, and more rewards will be received.
The master node minimum hardware requirements are given below
Minimum Configurations

Recommended Configurations

CPU

2 X 2 GHz

4 X 2 GHz

RAM

4 GB

8 GB

Disk

500 GB

1 TB

400 GB/mth

1 TB/mth

Network

Super Master Nodes
1. Creating a Super Master Node
VDS super master nodes are full nodes that must provide constant service to the entire
network, and require a Vollar deposit to be bound to the super master node’s VDS
address. The deposit can be saved on a personal offline wallet, so as to completely
ensure asset safety.
The address used to create a super master node requires a 10,000 Vollar (exactly)
UTXO from a non-anonymous address. Basic addresses and multi-signature addresses
can both participate. While the super master node is in operation, this deposited UTXO
cannot be moved, however this locked UTXO deposit will not affect the other UTXOs
under this address. When the user attempts to spend any part of this UTXO, the system
will put out a notice that a change has occurred with the UTXO in this account,
continuing with full/partial UTXO transfer will result in removal from the master node
rewards list for this super master node. There will be no way to receive rewards.
When the super master node is activated, it can provide all kinds of data service for the
network and earn big rewards in the process.

As the number of super master nodes increases, the circulation of Vollar in the trading
market is effectively balanced, which in turn supports Vollar’s ongoing appreciation.

2. Super Master Node Revenue
Super master node revenue can be separated into two categories; new currency
issuance revenue and other system revenue.
50% of new currency issuance rewards are paid to super master nodes.
Super master node issuance revenue is approximately equal to 50% of new currency
issuance rewards divided by the total number of active super master nodes.
Other System Revenues:
a. 35% of handler’s fees from basic and anonymous transactions:
b. 100% of VAD revenue
c. 50% of group chat expansion revenue
d. 0.1 Vollar network service fee from every newly created VID
Super Master Node Revenue:
Only full nodes that meet the conditions of creation and provide online services
continuously can make it onto the super master nodes list. The probability of receiving
rewards is theoretically the same for all listed super master nodes, but it will also be
affected by objective factors such as online duration and service quality.

Therefore you need to guarantee 24-hour service for the network in order to
continuously receive super master node Vollar rewards. Once a super master goes
down or is taken offline it must reconnect within 10 blocks (approx. 10 minutes). If
this master node has not reconnected within 10 blocks, this master node will be taken
out of its current place on the master node reward list. After reconnection, the system
will re-include the full nodes onto the super master node list. If revenue allocation is
not missed at

the time of re-entering the list, this super master node can still get its reward. However,
if revenue allocation is already finished by that time, then it has to wait for the next
round. Each block allocates revenue to one super master node.
Instead of using a “queuing” mechanism, the super master nodes reward list selects
nodes randomly according to block randomness. Results of this selection method are
evenly distributed, that is, the probability of a listed super master nodes obtaining
reward is consistent. Uniform distribution is also known as rectangular distribution in
probability theory and statistics, it is a symmetric distribution with equal probability
within an interval of the same length.
()

)

As shown in the image above, if A and B represent block heights such that A=block 1,
B=block 101, then there are 100 blocks in-between. The probability of every super
master node in each block getting its reward is the same, which is equal to 1/
(101-1)=1%.
On this basis, if within 100 block intervals, each block selects 1 super master node to
be allocated. There are 100 super master nodes, among which the probability of super
master node A being assigned in the next block is 1%, then the probability of being
assigned in the 100 block interval is close to 100%. Of course, if there are multiple
super master nodes belonging to the holder of A, then the probability of the holder’s
allocation of revenue will increase.

Light Master Nodes
1. Light Master Nodes
Only Sprout VID addresses with an exactly 100 Vollar UTXO can create a light master
node. All qualifying light master nodes have a chance to enter the light master node
alternative list once every game and participate in the Lucky 20 Light Master Node
Lottery. The maximum number on the alternative list of each game is 100,80 and it
allows for repetition. The more network service a node provides, the greater the chance
that it will be listed by the system.
For specifics regarding the Lucky 20 Light Master Node Lottery, please refer to the
Fission Competition and Lottery sections in the White Paper.

2. Creating a Light Master Node
Every VID can create a light master node through the VDS client-side wallet.
-It must be a Sprout VID with the 12 VID spots in its first level filled;
-The VID private key must have a UTXO with exactly 100 Vollar;
-After VDS block synchronization is complete, it must stay online and keep providing
data services.

3. Revenue
From block 30,240 on the system will begin drawing the Lucky Light Master Node
VIDs (they cannot be TOP 10 VIDs). Every game, 20 light master node VIDs will be
selected as the Lucky 20.
Unlike super master nodes which earn Vollar rewards, Lucky 20 Light Master Nodes
win their prize in Bitcoin. Light master nodes chosen to be the Lucky 20 equally split
50% of the total Bitcoin reward amount produced by Resonance Trade over the
following 10,080 blocks.

Resonance V-Pool

Game One

Game Two

Game N

50%

50%

Bitcoin produced
by Resonance Trade

Bitcoin produced
by Resonance Trade

Bitcoin produced
by Resonance Trade

Equal Distribution

Equal Distribution

Equal Distribution

Game One

Game Two

Game N

LUCKY 20
LIST

LUCKY 20
LIST

LUCKY 20
LIST

Random Selection
20

Random Selection
20

Random Selection
20

Game One

Game Two

Game N

Light Master
Node List

Light Master
Node List

Light Master
Node List

Light Master Nodes Providing Service

10,080

10 ,080
0

10,080

10,080 N
20,160

10,080 N

Unlike super master nodes which earn Vollar rewards, Lucky 20 Light Master Nodes
win their prize in Bitcoin. Light master nodes chosen to be the Lucky 20 equally split
50% of the total Bitcoin reward amount produced by Resonance Trade over the
following 10,080 blocks.

4. Lottery Rules
a. The number of light master nodes on the list is less than or equal to 20, all nodes will
receive rewards.
b. If the number of light master nodes on the list is over 20, only 20 will be randomly
selected.
c. If the number of light master nodes on the list is zero, then the previous Lucky Light
Master Node List will be refreshed, and used until a new alternative list is created.

Blockchain-based Light Master Node Selection Consensus Mechanism
Since we want to use the implementation of a random function for (the selection of X
nodes), we need a pseudo-random function that is based on time sequence, and that
reaches consensus on its random value across all network nodes.
We consider every block’s hash as a sufficient enough randomizer. The transactions
and other information contained within the block effectively make the hash
unpredictable.
When we’re about to get some random value, use the Hash value-BHash(t) from the
latest block at timepoint t as the initial parameter.
This BHash(t) is calculated once to get Hash(BHash(t)), which then rounds into
[Hash(BHash(t))] by using integer algorithm (x). The [Hash(BHash(t))] is used to
continuously obtain the corresponding basic information through F(x), where the
implementation of F(x) selects different data sources, such as TXID and address Hash.
By using [Hash(F(x))], we re-select “t”, and then recalculate.
Specific procedure:
1. Obtain current height H
2. The initial parameter block Hash is BHash(H-t)
3. Secondary Hash of Block Hash, Hash(BHash(H-t)
4. Integer, [Hash(BHash(H-t))]
5. Use [Hash(BHash(H-t))] mod Range. Make random choices and get F.
6. Use [Hash(F)]%H as t. Restart from Step 2.

Noncentralized Voting

VDS hopes that through noncentralized voting, loyal VID members will vote to select
elites who will lead the future development of the community. These elite VIDs shall
work on behalf of the entire decentralized community and enable its autonomy,
ensuring efficiency and involving every VDS user in decisions regarding community
development. In this way, everyone is made an owner of VDS, and together we allow
our ecology to achieve the important transformation into a truly decentralized,
democratic community.
The biggest power of cryptocurrency is that it is a decentralized autonomous
community that everyone can join in. A big reason for the success of Bitcoin is that it
is sufficiently decentralized; the disappearance of Satoshi Nakamoto and its opensource code were both critical to its success in garnering public support. Since there is
no centralized point, everyone plays a more active role in improving all aspects of
Bitcoin’s ecosystem.
In recent years however, this is ignored by many new projects and start-up teams who
wrap both themselves and their projects up in radical promotions without starting from
the essence of cryptocurrency, forming one bubble of dreams after another. This
behavior also sets barriers for the sustainable development of the community. The root
cause is a lack of decentralized thinking.
VDS fully understands the meaning of decentralization and has summed up the
requirements necessary for a highly-efficient autonomous community. It first requires
absolute decentralization, second must possess a mechanism that allows full freedom
to participate in decision-making; and third necessitates that decision-making
efficiency be improved by the elite group chosen to guide its development.
These conditions not only ensure a high degree of democracy in the community, but
also accelerate and enhance long-term ecological development.

The concept for absolute decentralization is relatively easy to understand. The VDS
Team will operate like Satoshi Nakamoto. When the ecological construction of the
project’s initial stage is complete and the community is basically mature, the team will
withdraw from the guiding role of the VDS chain, then dedicate all the product
royalties and other benefits under the Heart of Freedom to serve as capital to help
guide future community developments. Only in this way can VDS truly belong to
everyone and become a public project that will never die.
When the VDS chain reaches its 2,610,720th block height, the system will
automatically start the decentralized voting function. This is a decision-making
mechanism which allows fully-open participation for VDS members. In order to ensure
the authenticity of votes, only VIDs that meet the following conditions can conduct the
voting operation:
-There must be at least one UTXO under the address with one or more Vollar
-The time it has been held under this address must be 10,080 blocks or more
All one must do is send a 0 Vollar special transaction to the VID address of the elite
VID he or she wishes to support. All VIDs that have been voted will enter the system’s
elite campaign list, and the system will update the results every 10,080 blocks. VIDs
ranked Top 33 in each election period will be granted the right to serve as a Hand of
Freedom and accept the VDS community development-guiding funds.
When two candidates come to a draw, the system will automatically make the
following judgements:
a. If there are 2 or more candidates with the same number of votes, the system will
count the number of Vollar held under each VID address and rank the VIDs according
to the amount they are holding.

b If the 2 or more tied candidates are holding exactly the same amount of Vollar, the
system sums up the total block-time of every UTXO listed under each VID’s private
key and rank the candidates according to whose currency has been held for the amount
largest amount (not necessarily length) of block-time.

≥ 33 Vollar

≥ 33 Vollar

≥ 33 Vollar

≥ 33 Vollar

≥ 33 Vollar

≥ 33 Vollar

In the final list of elite candidates, the top 33 VID addresses become Hands of
Freedom.
VIDs can only vote once a week. When it is discovered that the elite VID we are
supporting is not qualified or competent, we can send 0 Vollar to the address of
another VID to recast our vote, and our vote will be taken away from the Hand of
Freedom that we had previously voted for.
The appointment of any Hand of Freedom candidate comes from a high degree of
consensus among all VIDs. Under the guidance of the Hands of Freedom selected by
the community, the decision-making efficiency across the community will be greatly
improved. The first round of voting will be concluded on the 2,620,799th VDS block
height. The system will select the first 33 VIDs which will serve as the Hands of
Freedom and they will receive the community development-guiding funds.
Starting from the 2,620,800th block, every 144 block intervals the system will pay one
Hand of Freedom address, with a 33-address payment cycle. The Hand of Freedom
fund pool must be greater than or equal to 33 Vollar. If the number is less than 33
Vollar, distribution will be postponed until a later block when funds are greater than or
equal to 33 Vollar.

In order to make a free and flexible election, the system will “re-elect” the Hands of
Freedom according to each week’s vote count, making the whole community
democratic and free. We may join hands together to maintain healthy and stable
development of the VDS Chain. Making good use of this development-guiding fund
requires a great wisdom and is going to test the entire community.
Through the decentralized voting function, any VID has a fair chance to compete and
become a Hand of Freedom and provide development guidance for the entire
community. A Hand of Freedom who provides no contributions has no way to help
VDS obtain healthy and stable development, and thus will lose qualification as a Hand
of Freedom. The rights to determine this are completely in the hands of VID members.
The more they dedicate, the more they’ll get rewarded.
The existence of decentralized voting enables the VDS chain to grow into a healthy,
positive, democratic and autonomous community. We hope that VDS, supported by
full consensus and empowered by the strength of all, receives unlimited space for
development.
One day we’ll all realize that only through the power of love can VDS fulfill its true
purpose.

Scalable
VDS
Functions

V-Dimension

A Super-Deep Web has been constructed within VDS on distributed, hidden servers
and grafted decentralization into the centralized Internet ecology, bringing both
networking-freedom as well as a high-quality Internet experience.
In the centralized web, all activities are performed through servers, and all servers use
IP addresses for network identification. These server-side transmitters work to process
network information for the centralized web, and the server providers most often have
the technology to monitor and take the information stored on them.
However, VDS master nodes work as a distributed anonymous server network. IP
addresses and port numbers are not provided as information passes through, but instead
VID addresses are used as network IDs, forming an independent, anonymous network.
All the activities in this anonymous network, such as web page requests and responses,
are transferred across the network through countless distributed hidden servers that
don’t display IP addresses. There is no way for someone to identify these servers, and
even more so no way to get the transmission path. In this environment, all of our
network activities are safe.

If we want to visit website contents on this anonymous network it requires the
assistance of the VDS webpage browser. Also to be noted, our VID address serves as
our website address in this anonymous environment.
In the centralized Internet, when we land on a website, the web address that we type
into the web-browser often looks like this:
https://bitcoin.org/
However, using the VDS web browser to visit websites, the web addresses entered will
look like this:
vds://feelfree.VC39IHI82THBO2PQM208RHJKT6GVDJEY/

This means a VID can be used to create a website domain name. Any VID holder can
go through this anonymous network and create their own private website. To build a
website, it is necessary that your server be equipped with the VDS server-end PC
wallet, perform synchronization to become a full node, and maintain smooth network
connectivity.
The release of the VDS webpage browser is an important milestone in the formation of
the VDS ecology. Once finally mature, it will have formed into a completely
decentralized, anonymous, distributed network; as well as a Super-Deep Web based on
cryptography and blockchain technology. This is an important development required to
maintain social networking freedom.
The age of the Centralized Internet that we see today will be changed, forming into an
absolutely private Internet space that will belong to everyone thirsty for freedom.
Due to the fact that certain parts of this content are connected to the confidentiality of
this project, we are unable to disclose more information here. Thank you for your
understanding and patience, we promise you will be marveling at more disruptive
designs and technologies from VDS in the near future. When the VDS browser tool
goes online, an announcement will be made from the Official VDS Website
xxxxxxxxxxx, please stay tuned!

According to reports by the World Economic Forum, by the year 2027, 10% of global
GDP will be stored through blockchain technology. Numerous governments have
made reports on blockchain and in just the last 2 years, over 500,000 blockchain
products have come out. A Google search for blockchain will yield over 3.7 million
results. Even more noteworthy is that this field of technology attracts huge investment.
Risky investments in startups have continued to climb, reaching $1 billion USD by
2017. Capital raised through ICOs (the blockchain-unique fundraising channel), has
already soared over $5 billion USD.
Casting aside any kinds of promotional stunts however, the true applications of
blockchain technology appear quite thin. The blockchain market has only just begun to
sprout, and even more so has no completely clear commercial trajectory. With this
market background and relying on the concept of decentralization, the VDS blockchain
business contract function has opened the door to a whole new world for blockchain
business applications.
Blockchain Business Contracts are the unique smart contract system within VDS.
Suppliers all over the globe can register their receiving address for payment on the
VDS Chain, set smart contract commission ratios, and activate blockchain business
contracts. Through these smart contracts, merchants register their own receiving
address under their Trust Stamp System and set distribution ratios on smart contract
commissions in one step, creating their very own blockchain consensus sales network.

All VID users in the Trust Stamp Network make purchases through merchants that
have activated a blockchain business contract, then the 12 directly-connected VIDs
above this VID in the Trust Stamp System can all receive the merchant’s blockchain
business contract commission.

Example 1: Alice is a merchant with an activated blockchain business contract; she has
set the commission ratio to 12%. If Bob buys from Alice, then the 12 directly
connected VIDs above Bob’s Trust Stamp System may be rewarded a 1% commission.
This design stimulates product promotion because if any VID wants to receive the
commission it must share the seller’s product with the VIDs within its Trust Stamp
System. This is the equivalent of resting easy on an enormous, global sales team. All
VID users may draw on the support of blockchain business contracts so as to convert
every VID in a Trust Stamp System into its very own consumer-capital.
Example 2: Alice is a merchant with an activated blockchain business contract; she has
set the commission ratio to 12%. David wants to receive Alice’s commission.
Therefore, David made promotions for Alice’s product to all the VIDs within his Trust
Stamp System. When any VID within David’s Trust Stamp System consumes Alice’s
Product, David will receive a 1% commission, and all the VIDs within his Trust Stamp
System may be regarded as David’s consumer-capital.

Illustration: Multiple VIDs from David’s Trust Stamp System buy from Alice. This
consumption will bring David a large commission reward.
Vollar

commodity

Vollar

Vollar
Vollar

commodity

In the real-life application of VDS’s blockchain business contracts, they can be used to
diversify consumption. This highly fuses blockchain technology with daily life.
Consumers can completely use Vollar through blockchain business contracts to make
consumer payments. We can all create unique blockchain business contracts to
complete a series of interconnected payments, regardless of if it is for fast food or a
medical bill. In the same way, suppliers may also acquire a large group of consumers
via VDS’s Ad Bidding Function so as to provide clients with more convenient service
and experience; as well as quick promotions through Trust Stamp System with the
simple set of a commission. After combining all the other VDS functions, anybody
could concisely integrate their current resources to complete consumer purchases or
sales.
This also works for virtual products. Consumers can buy and sell coupons and digital
accessories for video games directly inside VDS through blockchain business smart
contracts. Regardless of what size the consumer’s payment is, every single payment
will be executed accurately according to contract stipulations; the supply-demand
relations and promotion methods are extremely clear. We are able to complete the flow
of funds in all categories with a more efficient, flexible and convenient means.
Large shopping platforms may proceed further with in-depth developments and
applications for VDS blockchain business contracts; and integrate them into the
payment system on shopping platforms. When new users complete registration,
corresponding receiving addresses for the chain business contract will be generated.
This is an extremely disruptive blockchain

industry practice compared with traditional shopping platforms as it transfers every
additional new user into the marketing promotion force.
Based on VDS smart contracts, blockchain business contracts constitute a valuesharing, decentralized model of commerce by implanting them into each VID and the
interpersonal relationships under its Trust Stamp System. Any merchant can set up a
commission distribution via smart contracts under noncentralized conditions, and
activate promotion initiatives on every VID via the trusting relationship established
within blockchain. VIDs share sales commissions obtained from products and services,
help merchants acquire a steady stream of consumers, and promote sales of goods or
services. High-quality products will be promoted more vigorously to increase product
sales, which shall also overturn the existing “centralized-business” way of thinking.
Every VID will establish its own ecological circle of business inside VDS- reshaping
the blueprint for a global business empire through the decentralized paradigm.

The Lightning Network

Cryptocurrency has massive advantages. It is safe. It is completely controlled by us.
However, if using it for daily payments, it is also faced with a big challenge; the speed
for making payments is just too slow. Every single cent we pay out needs to get in line
on the blockchain, waiting for miners to broadcast and record the transaction. The rate
at which payments can be made is completely decided by miners.
You can alternatively pay a high handler’s fee to make transaction rates faster, but
resolving it this way leaves a huge possibility that when you go to Starbucks and use
cryptocurrency to buy a cup of coffee, just to make fast a transaction, the handler’s fee
will greatly exceed the cost of the coffee itself.
For cryptocurrency, improving transaction speeds is necessary for its use in daily
payments. Otherwise, it will probably be very hard for cryptocurrency to compete with
Visa or other payment methods. The emergence of the Lightning Network allows
cryptocurrency to be usable for day-to-day payments, setting its development in a more
perfect direction.
The Lightning Network opens a payment channel by setting up a multi-signature wallet
containing a set amount of cryptocurrency, and then setting a savings wallet address on
the blockchain as a payment channel. Possessing this payment channel, every party can
complete an unlimited number of transactions, however each of these transactions will
not be published on the blockchain. After all the planned transactions are done the final
balances will be saved on the blockchain and each party can recover their wallet
balances. Simply said, the Lightning Network is a method which is similar to
preloading certain addresses with funds, allowing direct transactions between users
rather than spreading every transaction worldwide. With this method, the two
transacting parties are able to avoid highly expensive and slow interactions on the
blockchain, and instead may make fast and cheap payments in a direct way.

VDS holds an open attitude towards the Lightning Network and will continue
optimization upgrades after the initiation of its main chain. VDS will also support the
Lightning Network so that transactions are more rapid and convenient.
The Lightning Network provides VDS with a scalable micropayment channel. It
tremendously improves VDS’s ability to handle off-block transactions. If both parties
in a transaction have a preset payment channel on the blockchain, they can make
multiple, rapid-confirmation, high frequency, two-way micropayments. Even if there is
no direct peer-to-peer payment channel between two parties, the Lightning Network
can use a payment path formed by multiple payment channels to achieve reliable
transfer of funds between the two parties.

Fission Promotions
and the Lottery

V-Dimension

Fission Promotions and the Lottery
There are a lot of sophisticated designs in VDS. Through the interaction of these
designs, VDS's ecology is more balanced and enriched with vitality, which brings a
friendly user-experience to VDS users and adds a flair of entertainment.
We know that Resonance Trade is a one-way cross blockchain conversion of BTC to
VDS. Through Resonance Trade, each participant can make exchanges to obtain the
most cost-effective Vollar, making the Bitcoin that was traded in yield a higher overall
legal tender value. This is a kind of financial balancing mechanism within the VDS
ecology.
Therefore, VDS has acquired a large number of Bitcoin for this conversion design. In
order to make VDS form a perfect internal financial and network ecology cycle, and in
order to follow the decentralized design principles, VDS will directly distribute the
Bitcoin raised during Resonance Trade to the winners of The Fission Game and The
Lottery.
We call these winning VID holders the VDS Game Fission Top 10 and Light Master
Node Lucky 20, respectively. The VID holders on these two lists provide considerable
support for the increase in VDS users and total number of master nodes, ensuring
strong financial circulation and network service within VDS.

Game Rules
There are two distinct phase types in the VDS Game, the Genesis Phase and the
Regular Phase.
After the VDS Chain is online, blocks 0 – 30239 serve as the Genesis Game (also
known as the Genesis Phase). Then from block 30,240 on, every 10,080 blocks will
serve as a Regular Game (also known as a Regular Phase). From block 30,240 on,
these Regular Phases (Regular Games) will continue on indefinitely.

Every game including the Genesis Game will produce 30 total VID addresses from the
combined Fission Top 10 and light master node Lucky 20. In the next Game (the next
10,080 blocks) the Bitcoin produced during Resonance Trade will be distributed.
The Fission Top 10 is a kind of competition, and the Lucky 20 is a lottery game over
Bitcoin distribution rights. They will each split 50% of Bitcoin resonated within the
following game.
Fission Top 10 and Light Master Node Lucky 20 Rules:

Fission Top 10
Bitcoin is the catalyst for VDS Trust Stamp System fission. Through Bitcoin trades,
Fission Promotion in the VDS Trust Stamp System will gain enormous power. The
entire VDS Trust Stamp System will expand exponentially like the cells of an embryo,
serving to bring a massive user base into the VDS system. This fission produced user
base perpetuates inward cashflows for the VDS ecology, and thus support Vollar’s
market value. This is the healthy ecological circulation of a free-market currency.
Every VID user can participate in these Trust Stamp Network fission games. You can
say this is a real version of the Ready Player One Competition, but decentralized and
based on blockchain. The winner gets the Bitcoin rewards produced by Resonance
Trade for 10,080 blocks (about 1 week’s time).
All the players’ scores will be wiped clear at the end of every game, and then the next
game starts afresh.

1. How The Game Is Scored
In order to make the game fair for both new and old users, VDS has designed a system
which is based on each player’s own Trust Stamp System. The system creates a
weighted score based on the level that a new VID was added onto, the further down the
level is, the lower the score. Once the game is finished, the total weighted score of
each VID will be calculated and the system will determine the Fission TOP 10
winners.

The weighted score provided by each level is given below:

Level Number

We i g h t e d S c o r e

1

100

2

61.8

3

38.1920

4

23.6029

5

14.5865

6

9.0148

7

5.5707

8

3.4423

9

2.1276

10

1.3142

11

0.8124

12

0.5021

TOP 10

Lucky 20

Note: Any newly added VIDs within the 12 levels under a VID will contribute to its weighted score
in each game. No matter if the VID is a direct or indirect invite, the system will calculate its weighted
score.

If any of them have the same weighted score when the system calculates the Top 10,
the following criteria will help to decide the final ranking.
a. In the event the weighted scores of 2 or more VIDs come to a draw, the system will
deem that the player with the highest number of direct invites may enter the Top 10.
b. In the event 2 or more VIDs also have a draw on their number of direct invites, the
system will count the Vollar amount held under each VID to determine which one will
enter the Top 10.
c. In the event the amount of Vollar that each VID possess is also equal, the system
will use another scoring system; the Vollar balance of all UTXOs

under each private key will be multiplied by the number of blocks (the length of time)
that the Vollar been stored for. The VID with the highest score will win.
To summarize, when 2 VIDS have the same weighted score in a Top 10 competition,
VDS will first look at which invited more users into VDS. Whoever has the most
invites will receive the Top 10. If there is still a tie, the system will check who holds
the most Vollar, the VID who has more trust in the value of VDS will get the Top 10.
If the tie still remains after that, the system will check who has held their currency for
the longest period of time. Whoever is most optimistic about the long-term
development of VDS will enter the Top 10.
2. Game Rewards Distribution:
The system divides 50% of the Bitcoin produced in Resonance Trade among the
Fission Top 10 VIDs every 10,080 blocks (approximately 1 week’s time). To calculate
each Top 10 player’s reward ratio, all of the direct invites of the Top 10 players are
summed together after each game. The percent ratio of Bitcoin reward that each Top
10 player receives is; the proportion of direct invitations he or she has divided by that
sum total of VIDs directly invited by the Top 10.

Light Master Node Lucky 20
In the initial stage, Bitcoin is used as a light master node lottery reward is to bring a
flair of entertainment. This will increase the number of master nodes, which will
provide important stability and safety on the VDS network in the beginning, and lay
the foundation for the creation of more service applications in the future.
VID users who have completely filled the 12 spots in the first level of their Trust
Stamp System become a Sprout VID. With a Sprout VID, the system unlocks the
“Create Chat Group” and “Create Light Master Node” functions.
After attaining sprout VID status, users can setup their light master nodes

through the VDS Client Side PC Wallet master node function.
Note: Please refer to the whitepaper contents titled “Master Node” for more details regarding light
master node setup requirements.

The Lottery
The light master node lottery is separated into two steps. First a light master node
alternative list must be created, the next step is that 20 light master node VIDs are
randomly drawn from the list to win the lottery.
Light Master Node Alternative List
Every game, after each block, the system makes a network wide consensus to judge
which light master node has provided the most service, and it enters the list. The
alternative list of every game has 10,080 spots. The light master nodes can be listed
multiple times. The more service they provide, the higher their chances of being put on
the list.
The Lucky Light Master Node Drawing:
On the last block of every game, 20 Lucky Light Master Node VID addresses are
chosen at random from the alternative list. A “Lucky” light master node may not be
selected twice within the same game.
Note: Repeated drawing of any of the 20 Lucky Light Master Node winners is permitted across
different games. The more time a light master node spends online, the higher its service to the system
is, and the more its odds of winning rewards increase. However, the actual selection from the Lucky
20 alternative list is completely random.

Lottery Rewards Distribution
Every 10,080 blocks, 50% of the Bitcoin produced from Resonance Trade will be
distributed to the Lucky 20 Light Master Node VID addresses. These Lucky 20 VID
addresses, which have met all requirements, split the Bitcoin rewards for the game
evenly.

ICEX

V-Dimension

ICEX and CEX

In VDS, Resonance Trade is divided into two phases, the ICEX phase and the CEX
phase.
ICEX is aimed at developing the market in the early stages of the VDS project,
however this public offering also offers a way to freely set the initial market price of
Vollar. The first currency conversion multiplier phase of ICEX (Initial Coin Exchange
X) is 0 – 30,239. Here, X signifies this is a high-multiplier phase, as ICEX is designed
to directly multiply the power of your investment and provide the top VDS investment
opportunity for professional cryptocurrency investors.
After ICEX is finished on block 30,240 the VDS Chain will automatically switch to
CEX (Coin Exchange X). This is Resonance Trade’s Regular Phase, the sustainable
currency exchange stage. This phase no longer multiplies your currency; here the “X”
still indicates limitless currency circulation. According to the market’s natural changes,
participants may continuously perform Bitcoin to Vollar conversions. This operation
increases the legal tender value of the traded-in Bitcoin.

ICEX Rules
After the VDS Chain begins, blocks 0-30,239 serve as the ICEX Resonance Trade
Stage.
ICEX is divided into three phases. Since in the beginning there are no Fission Top 10
or Lucky 20 Light Master Nodes, all the Bitcoin exchanged into Vollar by the ICEX
participants will be directed to a fixed public BTC address. The address is:
1VVVVVVvzycHkuGinFxUnFgn5kqwFuV9P.

ICEX-1

ICEX-2

0-10,079 Block

10,080-20,159 Block

X5

20,160-30,239 Block

X3

X 1.5

In total, 100 million Vollar will be pre-mined from the VDS Chain. From this,
70,525,000 Vollar will serve the initial funds in the V-Pool, 17,475,000 Vollar will be
airdropped, and 12,00,000 will serve as initial VDS Ecology Development Capital.
The initial Bitcoin to Vollar exchange ratio in the Resonance V-Pool is 1:3,756.
1 : 3,756

1

18,780

V-Pool

3

30

2

20

1

10

1:3
1:2
1:1
BTC : Voller

For detailed information regarding the Resonance Trade function, please refer to the
Resonance Trade section of the White Paper.

That is to say: In phase one of the ICEX, one Bitcoin can at most be exchanged for
18,780 Vollar. As Bitcoin is resonated during ICEX, the amount of Vollar in the VPool will decrease, and thus the conversion ratio will decrease as well.
For detailed information regarding the Resonance Trade function, please refer to the
Resonance Trade section of the White Paper.

The Resonated Bitcoin: Rules and Regulations
The difference between ICEX and a traditional ICO is that Bitcoin converted into
Vollar is not used towards product R&D, but after VDS is online, the Bitcoin traded
into the Resonance V-Pool in each game is given directly to the Fission Top 10 and
Lucky 20 Light Master Nodes to perfect stability across the entire VDS Network and
drive the market during the initial period of development.
Block 0-30,239 of ICEX is also the initial game phase of the VDS chain. During this
period, the 30 winning addresses for the Trust Stamp Network Fission Top 10
competition and the Lucky 20 Light Master Node lottery of this period will be
generated on block 30,240. The Bitcoin raised through VDS will also be directly paid
through the Resonance Trade for the first time in blocks 30,240-40,319.
The Bitcoin raised during ICEX will be averaged into 23 portions for the 23 block
weeks (each block week being 10,080 blocks). This 23-week period is called the VDS
Spring Rain Plan. On blocks 30,240-40,319 of the VDS Chain, 3/23rds of the
Resonated Bitcoin is to be dispersed among the 30 winners of the first game. From
there on, after every game, 1/23rd of the Bitcoin will enter Resonance Trade,
continuing on for 21 games, dispersing the raised Bitcoin until it is all used up.

The Bitcoin raised during ICEX will be re-resonated so that it can then be dispersed by
the system to the 30 winning addresses. All the Vollar received in this process will
serve as a promotion fund for public charities. The VDS address generated from the
BTC address, which was used during ICEX, will serve as this charity fund address.
The address is:VcRM27JjdzyxvyFtXewtJHrk6NQGyo9TN7U.
This address only accepts Vollar donations and shall be used to cover the cost of
videos made by video production teams who wish to promote a certain social cause of
their choice. All videos will be broadcast network-wide through VAD. We hope this
activity will help to awaken the power of love in the hearts of our society, and together
improve this weary world of ours. Clear details and requirements can be found on the
official VDS Dark Web site’s Ecology Task List.

VDS
Ecology
V-Dimension

Initial Ecological Establishment Fund

We’ve divided the ecological development of VDS into three phases; the first phase is
that of its initial ecological establishment, the second phase is that of full ecological
formation, and the third phase is where VDS has become an autonomous, democratic
community.

Initial Ecological Establishment Stage
In this first phase the project has just started so a portion of pre-mined Vollar is used
for VDS’s Initial Ecological Establishment Fund as an open, transparent way to ensure
rapid implementation of basic ecological cooperation.
A total of 12,000,000 Vollar has been allocated for the initial establishment of the VDS
ecology and shall be used as Clear Web establishment rewards, exchange platform
rewards, mining pool rewards, blockchain superstar super master node creation
rewards, The Consensus Society of Freedom Enlightenment Reward, and market data
platform listing rewards.

Total Ecological Construction
12,000,000 Vollar

2,600,000 Vollar

Mining Pools
1,400,000 Vollar

Super Master Node Creation
1,000,000 Vollar

Market Data Platforms
500,000 Vollar

Enlightenment Reward
1,000,000 Vollar

Exchange Platforms
5,500,000 Vollar

Clear Web

Specific allocations of VDS’s initial ecological development fund plan are given
below:

1. Clear Web Site Establishment Rewards
The total rewards shared for Clear Web establishment is 2,600,000 Vollar, and will be
issued across 260 VDS block weeks. In each block week (10,080 blocks), the current
year’s weekly rewards (which can be found in the table below) will be divided among
all the clear web sites which have met necessary standards.
The Clear Web establishment reward process is as follows: after establishing a Clear
Web site, the builder must go through VDS and publish the Clear Web site information
on the VAD Bidding System, write down the Clear Web site address, as well as the
VDS address (must be non-anonymous) used to receive the reward, and maintain
normal website operations.
Any individual is allowed to obtain the Clear Web site codes and materials provided by
the VDS Team. Please follow the instructions listed on the VDS Clear Web site
tutorial. VDSVVVXXMXPSSSZD.ONION
There is no limitation on the region or quantity of established VDS Clear Web sites.
All clear web sites that meet the requirements will share the corresponding weekly
rewards. Specifics are listed below:

Information integrity must be guaranteed for any clear web site. Any amendments that
go against standards will result in a failure to obtain rewards.
Connectivity strength tests for the Clear Web sites will be performed each block-week
by the VDS team. In order to ensure healthy ecological development, the 3 Clear Web
sites with the lowest connection strength will be disqualified for rewards.
All qualifying Clear Web sites will be displayed on the Deep Web official website.

2. Exchange Platform Rewards
The total rewards shared among exchanges who list Vollar for trade is 5,500,000
Vollar. This will be distributed among the top 51 exchanges that have been white-listed
by VDS. Rewards will be allocated according to the time they begin putting Vollar up
for trade. The earlier they put Vollar up for trade, the higher the reward. Specifics are
listed below.

Please refer to the appendix to find the whitelisted exchange platforms.
The exchange platform reward process is as follows. The exchange must publish an
announcement that it will list Vollar for trade on its official website. The exchange
must also go through the VAD network-wide broadcast system to make an
announcement that Vollar is up for trade, attaching a hyperlink that directs to the
announcement made as well as the

VDS address that the reward should go to, then list Vollar for trade as described in the
online announcement.
Within the first week of the announcement that Vollar has been launched on an
exchange, the VDS team will verify whether or not Vollar is trading normally. After
verifying everything to be normal, the VDS team will send the Vollar reward to the
published address, then make an announcement through the VAD network wide
broadcast system that Vollar is trading normally, and that VDS has sent the reward as
well as published the transfer record.

3. Blockchain Superstar Super Master Node Creation
The total rewards shared among blockchain superstars (think people like Roger Ver
and Vitalik Buterin) who create our super master nodes will be 1,000,000 Vollar. This
will be distributed to the first 100 industry superstars who create super master nodes.
Rewards will be allocated according to who makes their super master nodes first.
These 100 first-movers will each be rewarded 10,000 Vollar.
Please refer to the appendix to find all whitelisted blockchain superstars.
The blockchain superstar super master node creation reward process is as follows. The
superstar must publish an announcement that he/she has created a super master node
from the social media account given in the whitelist. They must also go through the
VAD Bidding System to announce super master node creation and attach the receiving
VDS address that the reward should go to.
Within the first week that a superstar has made the announcement, the VDS team will
verify whether the master node has been created successfully. After successful
verification, the team will send the Vollar reward to the superstar’s published VDS
address, then make an announcement through the VAD broadcasting system that this
superstar has created a super master node, and that VDS has sent the reward as well as
published the transfer record.

4. Consensus Society of Freedom Enlightenment Reward
As the founding father of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto is the torchbearer of the
decentralized, free consensus society. He, she, or they have not only brought
decentralized thinking- a disruptive paradigm through which we may view the world,
but also enabled us to build a decentralized consensus society of freedom, and come to
realize a promising future of equality and freedom. In order to pay tribute to Satoshi
Nakamoto for his contributions to the whole world, we will send 1,000,000 Vollar to
the VDS address that corresponds to Satoshi Nakamoto’s BTC address as a reward for
his/her/their enlightenment towards free consensus.
The Satoshi Nakamoto BTC address must first participate in a Resonance Trade. Once
Satoshi Nakamoto’s corresponding VDS address is generated, VDS will deposit the
Vollar, then make an announcement through the VAD broadcasting system that the
VDS team has sent Satoshi Nakamoto’s reward and published the transfer record.

5. Mining Pool Rewards
The total reward shared among mining pools is 1,400,000 Vollar. This will be
distributed to the top 20 whitelisted mining pool platforms. Rewards will be dispersed
according to the time they begin contributing mining power—the earlier they
contribute, the higher the reward. Specifics are listed below:

Please refer to the appendix to find the whitelisted mining pools and allocation ratios
The mining pool reward process is as follows. The mining pool platform must publish
an announcement that it will begin mining Vollar on its official website. The mining
pool must also go through the VAD network-wide broadcast system to make an
announcement that the mining pool will begin mining Vollar, attaching a hyperlink
that directs to the announcement made as well as the VDS address that the reward
should go to, then begin mining as described in the online announcement.
Within the first week of the announcement that the mining pool has added in its hash
power, the VDS team will verify whether or not Vollar mining is operating normally.
After verifying everything to be normal, VDS will send the Vollar reward to the
published address, then make an announcement through the VAD network-wide
broadcast system that the mining pool is online, and that VDS has sent the reward as
well as published the transfer record.

6. Market Data Platform Rewards
The total rewards shared among market data platforms who post Vollar data is 500,000
Vollar. This will be distributed among the top 50 market data platforms that have been
whitelisted by VDS. Rewards will be dispersed according to the time they begin
displaying VDS market data. The earlier they post VDS information, the higher the
reward. Specifics are listed below.

Please refer to the appendix to find the whitelisted market data platforms.
The Market Data Platform reward process is as follows. The platform must publish an
announcement that Vollar data will be displayed on its official website. The market
data platform must also go through the VAD network-wide broadcast system to make
an announcement that Vollar market data will be displayed, attaching a hyperlink that
directs to the announcement made as well as the VDS address that the reward should
go to, then display Vollar data as described in the online announcement.
Within the first week of the announcement that Vollar has been displayed, the VDS
team will verify whether or not Vollar data is displayed normally. After verifying
everything to be normal, the VDS team will send the Vollar reward to the published
address, then make an announcement through the VAD network-wide broadcast
system that this market data platform has already displayed Vollar market data, and
that VDS has sent the reward as well as published the transfer record.

The Development Phases of VDS
The decentralized power of the VDS ecology will redefine the way the centralized
world works as well as provide a new consensus and enlightenment to how every
aspect of society operates. Whether it’s wealth formation or a completely new way of
doing business, privacy and security or networking freedom, VDS has the ability to
ignite civilization and promote a consensus society of freedom.
Therefore, fully forming the VDS ecology has always been the direction we aiming.
In the end we all agreed that the real formation of VDS’s ecological network requires
that the following basic conditions be met:

1. VDS Reaches 300 Million VID Users
A basic condition to support the ecology is that it cannot be separated from user
participation as they determine the real value and activity of the whole ecology.
Facebook’s current corporate valuation of $580 billion and its 300 million daily active
users are enough to make it the most influential and widely-used social application in
the world. We estimate that by the time number of VIDs using Secret Chat reaches 300
million, sufficient enough vitality will have been gained to provide the fundamental
support required for other segments in this ecology.

2. Capacity to Exchange 50 Major Currencies Worldwide
As the lifeline of the cryptocurrency economy, cash flow plays a key role in the
ecological growth of the whole project. The more abundantly cash flows run into its
economy, the stronger the value-driving force is in the project. Similarly, the more
types of legal tender VDS is connected with, the more cash flow channels it forms to
provide a sufficient basis for currency exchange and circulation. It also increases the
volume of capital flowing into the economy. As the world’s largest third-party
payment platform, Paypal is now able to connect with more than 20 legal tenders
globally. We

believe that once VDS has converted twice as many legal tenders as Paypal and
connects with 50 legal tenders worldwide, it will become the best channel to circulate
global currencies and will be enough to support its business ecology.
Thanks to the formation of a decentralized financial ecology, everyone can become
more active in participation and eventually achieve the global connectivity of all legal
tenders.

3. Connect with 500,000 Merchants Worldwide
The number of merchants in VDS determines the economic vitality and currency usevalue for the whole ecology. At present, the number of Amazon merchants has
exceeded 2 million and its real sales volume is the highest in the world. We are aiming
to make the number of merchants in the VDS ecology 25% (500,000) of Amazon’s,
which is enough to make VDS the most influential decentralized e-commerce retail
network, completely activate the ecology’s potential consumer-power, and demonstrate
the ecology’s commercial value. On behalf of decentralized commerce, VDS will
demonstrate its disruptive power over centralized commerce.

4. Formation of 20,000 VDS Super Merchants
The prosperity of business stimulates ecological scale-ups. Once total core merchants
in VDS providing quality goods and services reaches a certain number, the entire
ecology will synergize. Even Amazon, the world’s top e-commerce platform, has only
20,000 core merchants. Once the number of super merchants activating blockchain
business contracts within the ecology reaches this number, we have reason to believe
that from VDS’s huge user-base and excellent financial design, trading volume and
total transactions will exceed many current centralized mainstream e-commerce
platforms and find an incredible increase in market value.

5. In-Ecology Dapps Exceed 2,000 and Touch 50+ Industries
Aside from changing the centralized commercial structure, VDS ecology DApps and
their developers are fully capable of changing operations in more fields around the
world. So far, the number of effective DApps in Ethereum is 1,119 with a total value
of $1.8 billion but there’s no real impact. VDS not only plans to outnumber Ethereum
in its total number of DApps, but also make its total DApps market value three times
that of Ethereum’s and exceed $5.4 billion. Meanwhile, benefiting from the circulatory
action of the whole ecology, these DApps will cast far-reaching influence on more than
50 industries and fields including insurance, health, energy, catering, services, media,
education, manufacturing and public welfare.

6. 100,000+ Super Master Nodes in the VDS Freedom Network
The ultimate change VDS brings to the global network is the realization of Internet
freedom. The space it has constructed is an anonymous network beyond the centralized
Internet- a Super Deep Web. The dream is to promote migration from the centralized
Internet to this decentralized network and thus meet the basic demand of a freedom
network that belongs to everyone. Once VDS super master nodes created exceeds
100,000 then a free and stable network environment will be provided with a carryingcapacity for over 1,000,000 websites. VDS will bring to everyone the full network
freedom experience.

So, what’s the next step for VDS to achieve these six goals?
Six major network-systems were ingeniously designed to support these six major
developments which are so crucial for the rapid development of VDS. These six major
network systems are given below:
A Value-Sharing, Private Peer-to-Peer Network- to solve the problem of insuficient
users
An Anonymous Cryptocurrency Superconducting Financial Network- to solve the
problem of legal tender channels

A Full-Coverage, Information Bidding Network- to solve the problem of connecting
supply and demand
A Consumer-Capital Embedded Smart Business System- to solve the problem of
promoting consumption
A Highly-Scalable Social Cooperation System- to solve the problem of bringing on
additional applications
A Virtual, International Network of Freedom and Co-existence—to solve the problem
of networking freedom

1. The Value-Sharing, Private Peer-to-Peer Network
User-volumes will no longer be a problem. In an era where Internet users are king, the
expansion of an ecology requires the participation of everyone. Through the innovative
Trust Stamp System, VDS has built a completely decentralized, multi-level,
interpersonal fission promotion system based on blockchain technology. VDS has used
the innovative Trust Stamp Network to build a completely decentralized multi-level
Fission Promotion System on blockchain technology. It guarantees consensus trust
between users, and will increase exponentially as current users are driven to find more
new users with financial rewards. VDS is taking the over 2 million global Bitcoin users
who were holding 0.1 or more Bitcoin in their accounts according to the Ledger
snapshot of block 558,000 as the initiators of the Trust Stamp System. From the very
start, VDS has spread to every corner of the world and covers a wide range of usergroups.
Resonance Trade is a one-way Bitcoin to Vollar exchange channel. Bitcoins generated
from exchanges become the reward for the Trust Stamp System fission competition.
Bitcoin rewards go to the VIDs with biggest Fission score. Large Bitcoin rewards will
serve to constantly stimulate users’ enthusiasm to participate which further promotes
the expansion of VDS users.

VDS has made a Secret Chat system that operates through its anonymous, distributed
master node network. It allows users to manage their own Trust Stamp System and
hold highly private conversations with friends, all at the same time. This will serve
well to help keep users sticking with VDS, to convert every user into a loyal user, and
ensure the ecology maintains both rapid and stable development. VDS will abide by
the internet’s unchanging principles, and once its huge user base has been reached, will
prove itself to be an App that yields a truly high level of social value.

2. The Cryptocurrency Superconducting Anonymous Financial Network
Connecting Global Legal Tenders will No Longer Be A Problem. VDS has achieved a
distributed OTC Exchange by combining smart contracts onto chat groups in the Secret
Chat function. Vollar is used as the primary medium of exchange to perform
frictionless transactions with currencies across the globe. VID users can join multiple
legal tender exchange groups and convert their Vollar into any legal tender in the
world. Since this method involves peer-to-peer, personal bank account transfers
between two parties, legal tender remittances are completely dispersed and the
centralized financial structure has no way to lock them up. Furthermore, real-name
verifications, AML, and KYC are fully at the discretion of the buyer and seller
attempting to make the transaction. Some group administrators may also set this as a
requirement in their OTC, but at any rate VDS is decentralized, so these kinds of
decisions are totally in the hands of the individuals working together. This eliminates
friction on cryptocurrency exchanges caused by centralized finance and allows Vollar
trades to be completed without the reliance of any third-party exchange platforms.
Global legal tender channels have been linked for the entire cryptocurrency industry,
opening a currency channel of freedom.
Additionally, the anonymous transaction function in VDS utilizes zero-knowledge
proof technology to completely conceal account addresses on the blockchain, which
ensures that users’ wealth is both private and secure, as well as brings freedom to
cryptocurrency and legal tenders. Anonymity is a strong demand for cryptocurrency
users and The Anonymous Cryptocurrency Superconducting Financial Network has
combined numerous advantages to bring a never-before-seen experience of wealth
freedom to its users.

This forms the financial basis of the entire VDS ecology and allows users to perform
their cryptocurrency operations in a state completely void of centralized constraints. As
an independent economic entity, VDS will be able to continuously expand its net
market value as global currencies flow in. This will allow Vollar to maintain greater
price stability over time and fulfill its purpose of becoming a global, decentralized
currency.

3. Full Coverage Distributed Bidding Information Network
Business Vitality within The Ecology will No Longer Be A Problem. VDS’s large
user-base and secure, barrier-free payments are two rather necessary foundations, but
they are not enough to make Vollar become a future cryptocurrency, one that is
universally-accepted across all business environments. Although its value is high, and
although merchants are ready to accept cryptocurrency payments, they are unable to
find an adequate base of currency holders, which has put what you could call
informational resistance on buying and selling behaviors.
The full-coverage, distributed, bidding information network allows merchants to
accurately target Vollar holders via decentralized Ad broadcasts. This enables both
sides of supply and demand to reach convenient, effective, and fast connections inside
the VDS ecology, as well as stimulate the rapid development of commercial activity.
Meanwhile, the surge from other various financial elements will allow Vollar itself to
become even more valuable.
Vollar’s appreciation in value also implies that more merchants will be willing to
accept it as payment. These merchants will also be able to accurately find target users
through VAD (the distributed bidding information network) as well as send their
products and services directly to VDS user wallets, which forms VDS into a powerful
business ecology.

4. Consumer-Capital Embedded Smart Business System
The Selling Power of Super Merchants will No Longer Be A Problem. VDS will spur
on commerce and accelerate the circulation of various economic elements inside the

VDS ecology through a legitimate connection between both sides of supply and
demand. We’ve also deepened the VDS business ecosystem through our unique smart
contract— the blockchain business contract. All the merchants that have activated
blockchain business contracts become super-merchants inside the VDS ecology and
will obtain enormous consumption-power generated from user support. This then
becomes an absolute selling potential for these super merchants.
Any user is able to convert consumers from their Trust Stamp System into
consumption capital by using these blockchain business contracts. This will effectively
stimulate retail consumption in the entire ecology, as well as help merchants to obtain
enormous promotion, sharing, and selling potentials inside their trust stamp system.
This not only makes Vollar valuable as a form of payment, but also a facilitator of
cooperation. It brings a new system that reunites business and allows it to develop with
more freedom and vitality.
These blockchain business contracts let VDS evolve into a balanced, positive and
circulative ecology. Merchants will provide consumers with competitive-priced
products and services in a free-market environment, and may also allow consumers to
gain profit by promoting products. This is a business environment completely
dominated by consumers. Its decentralized nature disrupts the entire traditional internet
business and promotes benign business development. This is the charm of
decentralization.

5. Highly-Scalable Social Cooperation System
Realizing The Value Behind Apps Will No Longer Be A Problem. In the future, VDS
will be a collaborative network, meaning it will maintain quick and effective
collaboration for organization, production and creation across the network. Blockchain
technology allows things to cooperate, to exchange units of value such as resources,
time and money; and to reconfigure supply chains and production processes based on
shared supply and demand information. This signals a future where anyone who wants
to create or capture value will have to participate in this collaborative network.
Blockchain technology is the key to turn our global collaborative network into reality.

VDS’s highly-scalable automated smart-contract system is roughly the same as that of
Ethereum smart contracts and will meet the needs of DApp developers. Meanwhile, the
distributed anonymous VDS ecology will open up an environment with more freedom
for all developers. This is a manifestation of respect for innovative ideas. Developers
are welcome to unleash their imagination, reveal their creativity, their new ideas, and
contribute to innovation in all fields and industries with their privacy and security
guaranteed.
All developers will obtain an enormous number of users and be able to promote DApps
to every user through VAD. This function will greatly improve the DApp user
conversion rate, help developers improve their DApp’s true use-value, and allow the
value of their creativity to actually emerge. A world with a higher level of fairness,
freedom and collaboration will open its arms to us as more DApps permeate and take
their roles in all fields of the world.

6. The Virtual, International Network of Freedom and Co-existence.
Real Network Freedom Will No Longer Be A Problem. The future is bound to be an
era dominated by virtualization. The entire internet community will evolve into a
virtual international society. Each and every one of us will participate in this
augmented reality. The centralization of the Internet at present makes it hard for us to
see an autonomous and free future. Before the arrival of this virtual international
network of freedom and co-existence comes, it is necessary to build a decentralized
network that allow all of us the absolute freedom of security, and VDS is making it
happen.
The construction of the virtual international network of freedom and co-existence
relies on distributed anonymous nodes to function as servers. All master nodes provide
network service such as data operation and information transmission, without storing
users’ relevant information. Instead of exposing IP addresses and port numbers, these
servers use VID addresses as network identifiers. Thus, since the creation of each VID
does not require personal information authentication, the whole network has a high
degree of anonymity and security.

The VID addresses will also be used as web addresses once the VDS anonymous web
browser is launched. Each VID functions a domain name, and we can build our own
websites in this anonymous network. VDS is the first blockchain project in the world
to use public key addresses as websites. We have confidence that it will help all people
who yearn for Internet freedom to create the miracle of the future on the decentralized
Internet.
As the virtual international network of freedom and co-existence matures and
stabilizes, all risks and hidden dangers from the centralized Internet will be eliminated.
We can participate in networking and other activities with privacy and security, which
matters a lot. When virtualization fundamentally changes the future of the world,
you’ll be amazed at VDS’s advanced design.
Under the influence of these six major network systems, VDS has carried out the
planning and integration of interpersonal communication, free-finance, commercial
connections, consumer-capital, application implementations, and networking freedom;
and in the process, nurtured a non-centralized freedom ecology where everyone may
completely free themselves from the restrictions of centralization and solve many of its
associated problems.
These six major network systems will allow us to create a Noncentralized Consensus
Society Full-Ecology Future Currency Network, build an active-and-thriving
decentralized ecology of business freedom, and co-establish a brand-new decentralized
consensus society of freedom. Let’s all embrace this consensus society of privacy,
security, value-sharing, freedom, and democracy; as it is a world of sunshine, love, and
hope!

The Noncentralized Autonomous Community
Bitcoin is the pioneer of cryptocurrency, but more importantly, it has created a
progressive path for people. What Bitcoin has bestowed upon us is not merely a new
payment method or way of thinking about finance- most important of all, it has found a
way to create consensus. The greatest power of cryptocurrency is that it is has formed a
decentralized, autonomous community that everyone can join in. A big reason for the
success of Bitcoin is that it is sufficiently decentralized. The disappearance of Satoshi
Nakamoto and its open-source code were both critical to its success in garnering public
support. They make it an independent community that depends on consensus for selfgovernance. It is the epitome of a truly decentralized consensus society where no one
is in charge but everyone is responsible. This consensus society prototype is a model
worth drawing from both today and in future generations to come.
So, following the example of Bitcoin has set, we hope to create a team-less blockchain
ecology with no center nor centralized power, and to create a free consensus society
for everyone. Therefore, we have added a mechanism in VDS to ensure that after the
VDS development team withdraws from the guiding role, the ecology still develops
healthily according to the consensus of all participants. It’s called The Automonous
Noncentralized Voting System.
When the VDS chain reaches its 2,610,720th block height, the system will
automatically start this noncentralized voting function. This is a decision-making
mechanism which allows fully-open participation for VDS members. All VIDs in VDS
are allowed to elect 33 Hands of Freedom through the Autonomous Noncentralized
Voting System each week. These 33 Hands of Freedom act as facilitators of the VDS
blockchain, maintain healthy stable development of VDS, and provide services for all
VDS users.
Through this Autonomous Noncentralized Voting System, any VID has a fair chance
to be selected as a Hand of Freedom and make contributions to the entire community.
Similarly, any Hand of Freedom who provides no contributions and creates no value
has no way to help VDS obtain healthy and stable development, and will thus lose
qualification as a Hand of Freedom. This enables VDS to grow into a healthy, positive,
democratic and autonomous consensus community, and obtain unlimited development
and infinite continuity through full consensus of all members.

Through this Autonomous Noncentralized Voting System, any VID has a fair chance
to be selected as a Hand of Freedom and make contributions to the entire community.
Similarly, any Hand of Freedom who provides no contributions and creates no value
has no way to help VDS obtain healthy and stable development, and will thus lose
qualification as a Hand of Freedom. This enables VDS to grow into a healthy, positive,
democratic and autonomous consensus community, and obtain unlimited development
and infinite continuity through full consensus of all members.
VDS does not belong to any individual or organization, it is owned by every member
of mankind who wishes to be anonymous. Noncentralized free-consensus autonomy is
a tremendously disruptive paradigm. While most blockchain projects are still under
centralized control, VDS’s voting mechanism ensures the ecology develops in
accordance with the wishes of all. By the powers of decentralization, VDS brings the
world back to an environment of love and respect, freedom and equality. Each one of
us will embrace true freedom in this more-perfect world.

The VDS Vision
VDS is not only a blockchain system which integrates social network, commerce and
finance; the underlying architecture is a completely distributed network of anonymous
servers. This will gradually form VDS into a completely new anonymous internet
ecology. The birth of this ecology not only provides people with a comprehensive use
experience, but also enables VDS to better integrate into everyone’s life.
In the VDS anonymous network, not only can all the application functions of the
Internet be realized, but it is also a hub connecting the virtual with reality, emotion and
material, as well as space and time. The original intention and mission of VDS is to
create a more wonderful world for everyone, and bring ultimate internet freedom.
Currently, there is no lack of blockchain project trying all kinds of methods to take off.
Even still, none have formed a perfect ecological foundation. The schema most people
have towards blockchain stops at “cryptocurrency” and continues on with sweepingly
grandiose vocabulary;

never thinking from a fully decentralized perspective, to fully integrate the Internet
with the purpose of bringing about a truly disruptive paradigm shift. Even though
smart contracts offer us more hopes and possibilities, many DApp Developers have
responded with disappointing results. They are limited by their number of users, and
thus unable to effectively connect user groups, resulting in their inability to create any
applicational value. This is a fatal limitation. A vast number of developers are in need
of a more dynamic and complete, open platform that truly reflects our wisdom and
creativity.
VDS’s design is derived from a respect for mankind; through an open-source platform
and the cooperation of everyone. The blockchain stresses “consensus”, but before
consensus there needs to be an adequate number of people who have come together
with the same dream. Therefore, VDS needs more participants, more creators to work
collectively and add a little more perfection into the structure of the VDS Ecology. We
believe that the more people’s dreams are connected through the VDS ecology, the
closer we come to a better future for everyone.
We have never doubted that there are sincere and valuable dreams behind the
technologies that promote human progress.
VDS is open source so that it may stimulate more creativity, so as to guide the ecology
in a more mature, dynamic, and humanized direction. Through the participation of
every developer, more and more extensive and convenient application scenarios will be
made available. Developers may use VDS as a fertile ground for dreams, a place to
practice whatever they wish. At the same time, we believe that the more people’s
dreams are connected through the VDS ecology, the closer we come to a better future
for everyone. On this foundation, developers can make rapid product promotions
through VAD, making their own products/applications rapidly come to fruition.
Aside from this, excellent developers and applications will gain exceptional attention
from VDS. We will spare no efforts to help excellent developers or teams to promote
their application projects free of charge to bring about its widespread application and
value-emergence. We wish to attract

masterminds through VDS and again expand the value of this ecology which belongs
to each and every one of us.
When we participate in the VDS Ecology, we make an important link in the ecology.
This is because we are not only deciding the future development of the products
created, but also capable of guiding the future of the VDS ecology. Now that we have
the power to shape ecological values, we need to shoulder more responsibilities.
Assuming you have never before contributed to an open-source project, then please
remember the words of John F. Kennedy, “Ask not what your country can do for you,
but what you can do for your country”. Putting this principle in the Ecology of VDS,
do not ask what the community can do for you, ask what you can do for this
community, because every single one of us is a part of it.
The meaning of open-source is that the entire ecology is forged and built by each and
every participant and developer. All the developers create its value through wisdom
and hard work. Sharing and community-wide benefit are the quintessence of open
sourcing.
We all have a stake in the VDS ecology, and are jointly starting a path to the future.
The ecology will integrate the wisdom of each active participant and expand it to a
broader horizon. This is also the spiritual advocacy of the earliest open-sourcing world,
everyone contributes wisdom and strength, to give the application that has been
developed the ability to serve more people. It won’t be long until everyone in this
world discovers the efforts of VDS, a kind of power distilled from wisdom.

Project
Roadmap

V-Dimension

2016

2017

2018

2019

08

Establishment of The Noncentralized Financial Promotions Group

10

Direction set for the Noncentralized Full-Ecology Future Currency Network

11

Initial Development of Product Concept and Logic

01

Initial Development of Underlying Framework

08

Product Functions Upgrade

01

Architecture of Underlying Technological Framework Completed

06

Confirmation of The Non-Centralized Consensus Society

07

Full-Ecology Future Currency Network Program
Project Is Officially Named V-Dimension – VDS

11

VDS Development Complete, Final Testing Carried Out

01.24

02.14

Appendix
and
References

V-Dimension

Fission Promotions and The Lottery
[1] S.Nakamoto:“Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system”, 2008.
[2] V. Buterin, Ethereum: “A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized
Application Platform”, 2014
[3] Paul Sztorc: “Market empiricism”.
[4] Casey Detrio: “Smart markets for smart contracts”, 2015.
[5] Goldman Sachs: Blockchain-Putting Theory into Practice
[6] Shafi Goldwasser, Silvio Micali and Charles Rackoff: ” The Knowledge
Complexity of Interactive Proof-Systems”.
[7] Nick Szabo: ”Smart Contracts: Building Blocks for Digital Markets”, 1996
[8] Hal Finney” Reusable Proofs of Work”, 2005
[9] Peter Thiel: ”From Zero To One”
[10] “Advertisement, Is it necessary in the digital age?” (SERI Research essay) /
Samsung Economic Research Institute
[11] “Digital Media and Advertising” Hanul Academy
[12] Park, Kikyoung: “Customer Response to Customer Satisfaction Survey
Participation”, 2015
[13] Amrit Tiwana: “Platform Ecosystems: Aligning Architecture, Governance, and
Strategy”, 2018
[14] Nicholas Gregory Mankiw “Principles of Economics”
[15] Christian, Catalini., Joshua, S., Gans. (2016) “Some Simple Economics of the
Blockchain” Rotman School of Management, Working Paper No. 2874598; MIT Sloan
Research Paper No. 5191-16
[16] Sinclair, Davidson, Primavera, De, Filippi., Jason, Potts. (2016) “Economics of
Blockchain” paper presented to Public Choice, US, March 2016.
[17] ICON Hyperconnect the World [Internet]. [last updated 31 Jan 2018]. Available:
https://icon.foundation/
[18] Steem - An incentivized, blockchain-based, public content platform [Internet].
[cited aug 2017]. Available: https://steem.io/
[19] https://github.com/theloopkr/Loopchain/blob/master/README_KR.md
[20] Forbes Online Magazine (www.forbes.com) article titled “Cyber-crime costs

projected to reach $2 Trillion by 2019”, Steve Morgan (Jan 17, 2016).
[21] Markets and Markets research analyst report (www.marketsandmarkets.com)
titled “Cybersecurity Market by Solution, Service, Security Type, Deployment Mode,
Organization Size, Vertical, and Region - Global Forecast to 2022” (July, 2017).
[22]Published pricing data from CASB providers Skyhigh Networks, Bitglass and
Cloudskope.
[23] “Sia: Simple Decentralized Storage”, David Vorick and Luke Champine (Nov 29,
2014).
[24] “Filecoin: A Decentralized Storage Network”, Protocol Labs (Aug 14, 2017).
[25] Published access latency data from Sia, Filecoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin,
Ripple, Hyperledger, Maidsafe, Google, Rackspace and Amazon.
[26] “A Tutorial on RAID storage systems”, Sameshan Perumal and Pieter Kritzinger
(May 6, 2004). 27 8. “Ethereum White Paper: A Next Generation Smart Contract and
Decentralized Application Program”, Vitalik Buderin (January, 2014).
[27] Hyperledger Project, www.hyperledger.org, Open source development project
managed by the Linux Foundation, (December, 2015)
[28] “BigchainDB: A Scalable Decentralized Database”, Trent McConaghy, Rudolph
Marques, Andreas Muller, Dimitri De Jonghe, Troy McConaghy, Greg McMullen,
Ryan Henderson, Sylvian Bellemare and Alberto Granzotto, (February, 2016)
[29] Spencer Gimball, (February 2014): Cockroach DB design document, github.com/
cockroachdb/cockroach/blob/master/docs/design.md
[30] Leemon Baird: “The Swirlds Hashgraph Consensus Algorithm: Fair, Fast,
Byzantine Fault Tolerance”, (May 31, 2016).
[31] “Bitcoin – Statistics and Facts”, Statistica, www.statista.com/topics/2308/bitcoin/
(October 2016).

V-Dimension
Distribution Ratio
Handler's Fee Category

Transaction
Fees

Handler's Fee Ratio

Miners

Super Master
Node

Heart of
Freedom

Includes

Basic Transactions

Collected according to byte size, the
default minimum charge is
0.00000001 Vollar per byte.

35%

35%

30%

Nonanonymous to Nonanonymous Transfers
Nonanonymous to Anonymous Transfers

Anonymous Transactions

5% of the anonymous transaction. If
the transaction is under 1 Vollar the
fees will be 0.005 Vollar

35%

35%

30%

Anonymous to Nonanonymous Transfers
Anonymous to Anonymous Transfers

Smart Contract Transactions

Collected according to byte size, the
default minimum charge is
0.00000001 Vollar per byte.

35%

35%

30%

Smart contract transactions
Content provided during group chat creation
Handler's fees for changing group chat information

VID Creation Handler's
Fees

0.5 Vollar

0.1 Vollar

0.1 Vollar

0.3 Vollar

This nonanonymous address to VID 10 Vollar
special transaction is performed to create a VID.

Resonance V-Pool
Conversion

No Handler's Fees, Priority
Confirmation

Group Admin Expansion
Fees

0.01 Vollar per spot
expanded

Handler's Fees generated when the Resonance VPool sends Vollar to the address which corresponds
to the Bitcoin Address which initiated Resonance.

0

Service Fees

Winning VAD Bids

100% of Ad Revenues Are
Paid To Master Nodes

0

50%

50%

After 1,000 group members is reached, the group
administrator must pay a group expansion fee to
increase the group member limit.

0

100%

0%

Fees From Payments On Successful VAD Bids

VDSVVVXXMXPSSSZD.ONION

