ATTENTION-BASED PLATFORM FOR VIDEO REWARDS
VERASITY BUILDS THE INFRASTRUCTURE AND TOOLS FOR VIDEO PUBLISHERS
TO SERVE REWARDED VIDEO AND LOYALTY PROGRAMS TO THEIR VIEWERS

Whitepaper - Version 5 - December 2019

1

VERASITY provides video publishers with the tools for video rewards and builds the
infrastructure for publishers to serve attention-rewarded video to target billions of viewers by
providing video publishers with SDKs and APIs that do not change the Publishers’ workflow.
Our target industries are the Video Publishers and Ad Networks that derive their revenues from the
current $300 billion programmatic
We have developed and successfully

ad market .

launched an SDK module so that more than 2 million

publishers can compete more effectively against the major platforms in engagement.
Verasity has already had 8 million

rewarded views using its video player technology.

“...Verasity’s video player solution offers the perfect vehicle for viewers,
publishers and content creators to benefit from the utility of blockchain
technology. I’m glad that Binance and Verasity are leading that charge
Globally.”
CZ (Changpeng Zhao) CEO & Founder of Binance

CONTENTS
THE PROBLEM WITH THE INTERNET ECONOMY - IT NEEDS NEW INCENTIVES ..................................3
INTRODUCING VERASITY ..........................................................................................................................4
THE VRA ECONOMY FLOW .......................................................................................................................9
BUSINESS MODEL PRODUCES RECURRING REVENUES ...................................................................... 11
MARKETING, PRODUCT AND FINANCIAL OPERATIONS ..................................................................... 13
IN-DEPTH PRODUCT TOUR .................................................................................................................... 17
CORE TEAM AND CONTRIBUTORS ........................................................................................................ 26
COMMUNITY, PRESS & MEDIA ............................................................................................................. 28
TOKENOMICS FOR VRA .......................................................................................................................... 37
LEGAL APPROACH ................................................................................................................................... 39
FULL RISKS AND LEGAL DISCLOSURES .................................................................................................. 41

2

THE PROBLEM WITH THE INTERNET ECONOMY - IT NEEDS NEW INCENTIVES
Online video is the fastest growing medium. It is set to account for 82% of all consumer Internet
traffic by 20211 and the market is worth $312 billion2. Yet the online video business model is
fundamentally challenged.
With the advent of online video platforms, both video creation and consumption are more
accessible than ever before. This has led to a significant increase in content production and
consumption as audiences shift online for digital entertainment. However, under current advertising
models, companies like Facebook and Google stand out as the winners generating
$191.8 billion3 of net advertising revenue between them in 2017 by controlling the distribution of
content and the sale of advertising.
Online video platforms provide video systems for Broadcasters, Creators and Publishers but are
expensive to operate, monetize on outdated models and increase publishers’ risk for failure. Most
publishers have turned to YouTube and Facebook to monetize their content with insufficient
revenues to support their business models.
Audiences have fast turned into a commodity. Their personal data is sold to corporations for more
targeted advertising, while creators and publishers receive a percentage of revenue after the
platform and intermediaries take a significant share of the advertising revenue. In recent years,
content creators and online publishers have been very vocal on these issues, as the limited revenue
they are generating means they are unable to re-invest into content and, therefore they struggle to
maintain their channels.
With these monopolies controlling the majority of online content, they continue to turn the screw to
increase margins, change algorithms that demonetize creators and decide what content is
monetizable. Any competitor who sets out to challenge this status quo and gains audience attention
is quickly acquired and controlled, threatening future consumer options online.
The mass adoption of ‘ad-block’ technology demonstrates the viewer's frustration with the current
model. Creators and publishers with strong, loyal audiences are exploring new platforms to sell
subscriptions for their content, where viewers are happy to pay for an ad-free experience, which is
often an expensive route for all.
Without disruptive change, we are witnessing a race to the bottom caused by conflicting priorities
between Creators, Advertisers and their current platforms.

1

https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-provider/visual-networking-index-vni/completewhite-paper-c11481360.html#_Toc484813971
2

https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-provider/visual-networking-indexvni/complete-white-paper-c11481360.html#_Toc484813971
3

https://www.recode.net/2017/7/24/16020330/google-digital-mobile-ad-revenue-world-leader-facebookgrowth

3

INTRODUCING VERASITY
There are many existing challenges identified with the online video space today. Verasity’s team of
media, technology and blockchain experts has released a video player system that offers video
publishers and creators a way to enhance their audience’s video engagement by rewarding viewers
for watching a video. Publishers can now do this without changing their current video workflow.
Viewers can do so without changing their platform preferences. Viewers watch great content and
receive VRA, a cryptocurrency as a reward for their attention. The goal is to improve the online video
engagement, increase publisher monetization and therefore create a fairer online economy.

“Verasity′s tech integration results after just 30 days on our eBonus.gg site went far beyond
our expectations:
·

Total videos viewed: 2.02M -> 2.39M (18% improvement)

·

Videos viewed (unique user daily visualisations): 82.2K -> 102.4K (25% improvement)

·

Total watch time: 1289 days -> 1756 days (36% improvement)

And these % values have persisted! Really impressive gains in an industry where even a few
% points makes all the difference in profitability. Thank you Verasity!”
Pedro Pereira, CTO, eBonus.gg

VERASITY HAS COMPLETED THE MAJOR PARTS OF ITS ROADMAP
The project products are completed and currently working on 15 desktop and mobile publishers and
we are rolling out to new publishers every month. (One product, Proof of View is still in
development)
1.

Video Player Products

The products are live and publishers already utilizing our tech can be found at:
https://verawallet.tv/earn-vra (scroll down to click on each publisher and get rewarded in VRA by
clicking on the green trophy on the upper right hand corner of the video player). By clicking on the
green trophy, the user is directed to the in-built Verawallet which serves as the gateway to Verasity
tech.
The Verasity technology is now integrated into the following video players on publishers’ sites:
YouTube, Twitch, Vimeo, JWPlayer, Brightcove, Kaltura, VideoJS, Flowplayer, and Ooyala which
represents over 95% of all the video players utilized online (outside of China). This rewarded module,
integrated as an SDK into all major online video platforms provides rewards for actions without
changing the publishers’ workflow or the viewer’s habits or preferences as well as an in-built wallet.
As a result of these integrations, our unique player technology is already available to be integrated
on more than 2.0 million video publishers with their own sites with 550 million users and more than
110 billion monthly views. This means that Verasity can now provide this service to these 2.0 million
publishers and we are adding video publishers every month utilizing Verasity technology.

4

2.

Mobile game products
•

The video game Triviata utilizing Verasity technology is already available on the app store:
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/triviata/id1481833066?ls=1 and Google play:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.triviata

•

This is the first game in which in-game rewards can be redeemed for crypto: VRA or BTC
https://redeem.triviata.io/

•

The first game rewarding crypto accepted by the latest ad networks with over 16 ad
networks on the Verasity ad tech waterfall - https://medium.com/verasity/advertiserpartnership-update-b67055364b44

•

The first mobile app utilizing proprietary mediation technology allowing usage of nearly
unlimited multiple networks. Currently mobile apps have limitations of several ad networks.

•

The Verasity technology is now being utilized across other mobile publishers which will be
announced soon.

3.

Verawallet products - verawallet.tv
•

Publishers Grow their Audience by buying VRA on exchanges to reward their viewers. See:
https://verawallet.tv/grow-your-audience

•

Viewers earn VRA watching content or ads: https://verawallet.tv/earn-vra

•

Users spend VRA for goods at stores: Keyie.store and eBonus.gg as examples

•

Send VRA to verawallet or exchanges: https://verawallet.tv/send-vra

•

Verasity has already released the VRA conversion gateway within the Verawallet

4.

Online Video Platform
•

Verasity has a completely built-out and functioning online video platform for
broadcasters/publishers that require the entire OVP platform and rewarded module as well
as an ad stack for both desktop and mobile (the OVP live can be seen:
https://technews.guru/).

•

The Verasity OVP has several innovations including:

•

Running on the UDP transport protocol for all Chromium users when on Akamai CDN
(default to TCP when on other non-Chrome browsers)

•

Broadcast to the cloud directly from a laptop rather than via a server farm.

•

Tested to over 8 PB of data per month (confirmed by Akamai)
5

•

No other platform currently has the advantage of an integrated SDK and OVP components
and infrastructure that suits both content creators and large video publishers without any
change to their workflows. Verasity views this as a sustainable competitive advantage as we
also have first mover advantage without any direct competitors and can scale quickly from
here with current completed products and little further development.

•

Verasity developed a solution that both publishers and viewers seamlessly adopt without
any changes in workflow, habits or preferences. So Verasity will scale without any of the
challenges that are plaguing other video sharing platforms.

5.

Verasity Ad Stack and Waterfall
•

6.

The Verasity ad stack is unique in that it has solved timeouts for publishers that require a
large number of SSPs and ad networks on one stack - as many as 200 ad networks on one
stack - (example of a video publisher on our ad stack: https://thegas.net/ with brands like
Jaguar advertising and the mobile gaming app Triviata). Other ad stacks cannot handle more
than a few ad networks at a time.
Proof of View (PoV)

Patent pending blockchain technology that produces accurate, secure and auditable audience
verification metrics (in development).

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT APPROACH
The Verasity platform has been in development since 2017 by a dedicated team of over 25 people.
The product roadmap is managed by the product management team that includes stakeholders from
Verasity as well as clients.

VERASITY IS ALREADY FULLY FUNCTIONAL AND IN PRODUCTION
Verasity’s platform is fully functional and operating already. Viewers can join the Verasity network
and start earning rewards by visiting verawallet.tv/earn-vra.
You can see Verasity’s technology now by the Trophy Icon in the top right corner of the video player,
which can be seen on the video player anywhere across the web (example: https://ebonus.gg/earncoins/watch/). There is nothing for the viewer to download, and viewers can instantly start earning
by watching videos and claiming tokens. Viewers sign up and create a VeraWallet from within the
player or transact on verawallet.tv.
By doing so, viewers are now rewarded for their attention and this makes the viewing experience
even more fulfilling as they are being paid for their engagement. Further if they chose to watch ads,
they are rewarded more VRA. Advertisers want viewers’ undivided attention and are willing to pay
substantially for this (see VRA’s integration on thegas.net where big brands participate on the

6

demand network). Verasity has partnered with 16 top advertising partners, bringing some of the
biggest brands ads to the Verasity network.

VERASITY’S VIRTUOUS CYCLE – PLATFORM STAKEHOLDERS
Publishers fund their VRA campaigns by buying VRA in exchanges and as they increase their viewer
engagement and scale, they purchase even more VRA to increase the size of their campaigns.
Revenue generated from ads is used to buyback VRA, which means the more viewers on the
network, the more VRA is rewarded, the more revenue is used to buy VRA from the market.
Publishers now can reward their fans for watching. This brings more traffic from social media
platforms onto the publishers’ websites, where they benefit from more ad revenue, subscriptions,
sponsorship revenue and a higher value website. This is very valuable for the publisher and to
continue to grow, they top up their VRA rewards account by buying more VRA.
Viewers will be able to donate VRA in real-time back to the publisher or creator from within the
player, helping support the production of great content. VRA can also be used to buy real world
goods and services through Verasity partnerships. Or, VRA can be traded 24/7 across several
exchanges with more to follow in the future.

VERASITY INFRASTRUCTURE AND INTEGRATIONS WITH 95% OF THE OVP’s
The Verasity infrastructure has been integrated into the top online video platforms, making it easy
for publishers to add the Verasity SDK’s or API’s to their existing video player, without impacting
their workflow. It usually takes around 30 minutes to integrate. Integrated video players include

OUR VISION
Our vision is for Verasity technology to be adopted by millions of video publishers across billions of
devices. The technology has been built to be integrated as an SDK and API throughout the current
media landscape and technology stacks. This will help bring cryptocurrency to the masses and to
make VRA the cryptocurrency of choice to power the future of online video.

THE PLATFORM EFFECT
The platform, SDK Modules and dApps are designed to allow the supply side to engineer products
that are only available on the Verasity platform. This creates significant value for both demand and
supply side network participants. Once publishers receive the network effects of the rewarded
campaigns built-in to the Veraplayer they endeavour to increase those affects by rewarding more
7

VRA to scale their engagement and monetization. Viewers, in turn want to watch more video
content and video ads for rewards and the virtuous cycle repeats itself. Verasity is a marketplace and
a network that enhances a publishers’ business significantly.

8

THE VRA ECONOMY FLOW
VRA is a token used as a medium of exchange exclusively for the online video economy. Transactions
of VRA happen over the blockchain from within the VeraWallet, available from within the video
player across any participating website. The wallet and token are designed with the user
convenience in mind, making it easy to use for the mass markets. There is nothing to download, all
transactions are stored on the blockchain.
Demand for VRA
Publishers also buy VRA to reward more viewers to watch their content, visit their websites and this
investment converts to higher revenues for the publisher and more viewers with higher
engagement. This is an important mechanism for these publishers to buy VRA to convert more
viewers to the publisher's websites and content.
The VRA token is bought by advertisers to engage viewers and reward them for their attention. Each
time there is a call from Verasity’s network to display a video ad, one of Verasity’s programmatic ad
partners fetches an advert. When the ad is successfully viewed, Verasity is paid. As the viewability
and engagement are higher from Verasity’s rewarded ad formats, the advertiser is happy and sees a
higher performance from the advertising. The more viewers who join the Verasity network, the
more the revenue. The Verasity foundation uses a random amount of the advertising revenue to buy
back VRA from the market.
Viewers also may wish to buy VRA from the several exchanges to send to the staking wallet and are
rewarded interest in VRA. They may also wish to support a creator or publisher by buying VRA and
donating this to support the creation of great content.
Staking VRA
The Verasity economy adds additional incentives to hold VRA through the VRA Staking program
while also increasing the demand for the utility of VRA across a large network of video publishers
and their own communities, using the platform to reward VRA and spread awareness and take
advantage of the network effect.
Earning VRA
When viewers watch videos on a publisher’s domain, they can be rewarded with VRA tokens. This is
to incentivize viewers to watch videos on the publisher’s domain, generate new traffic, and keep
viewers engaged on the publisher’s platform. Viewers may also earn additional tokens by referring
additional viewers to the content. Viewers can earn VRA from, sign ups, sharing videos, referrals,
watching ads, playing games.
Spending VRA
Viewers can convert VRA for other cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin across numerous exchanges. Fiat
gateways will be introduced in Q1 2020 to enable viewers to buy and sell VRA directly for fiat
currency. Verasity is also introducing partnership programs to allow VRA to be spent on goods and
services directly. Publishers will spend their VRA on rewarding new viewers to engage with their
content, growing the overall economy.

9

Ad Revenue and Transaction Fees
Verasity earns Ad Revenue and Transaction fees generated by Verasity and are used to maintain and
improve the network, pay for overheads as well as buyback VRA from the exchanges and burn VRA
(See below, Buyback and Burn VRA).
How does Community Interaction Grow the Economy and Token?
For many Creators and Publishers, the scale of their audience creates a community around their
channel and content. The most avid members of these communities provide both direct and indirect
value to the Creator and are often their biggest advocates. Providing additional opportunities for a
community to connect and become further involved with Content Creators will be fundamental to
the success of the Verasity economy and ecosystem.
For VRA, the team believes viewers will learn about VRA from earning by watching great content.
And this ‘earning’ is actively growing the network, increasing publishers, views and advertising
revenue. This all steadily increases the price of VRA

Diagram of how VRA flows through the Verasity network

10

BUSINESS MODEL PRODUCES RECURRING REVENUES
The Verasity business model incentivizes viewers, publishers and advertisers to create a virtuous
circle of reward and benefit.
•
•
•

•
•
•

•

•

Video publishers (desktop & mobile) utilize the Verasity SDK to reward their viewers in VRA.
Video publishers purchase VRA in the marketplace to fund their reward campaigns (this
supports the price of VRA).
Video publishers utilize the Verawallet to escrow their VRA to manage and administer their
reward campaigns - all campaign parameters such as frequency caps, geo restrictions etc,
are managed by the admin area of the publishers’ Verawallet.
Video publishers use the Verasity ad stack to monetize their video ad impressions.
Verasity takes a random share of the ad revenues paid in fiat and buys back VRA in the
marketplace.
Verasity’s mobile apps directly provide users with offer wall tasks that are monetized in fiat
for Verasity while rewarding users doing offer wall tasks and watching video ads with ingame crystals that are redeemed by users into VRA or BTC.
This is a win-win for publishers because as our current publishers show, by rewarding
viewers for watching video content and video ads, users shut off ad blocker and watch 35%
more ads and content which means the publishers make a substantial amount of inc reased
revenue even after the revenue share with Verasity.
For mobile publishers, the ability to redeem in-game rewards into VRA and BTC provides a
similar benefit and the additional benefit of being able to serve many more ad networks via
the Verasity ad stack which means higher CPMs, fill rates and ad impressions.

REVENUE, BUYBACKS AND VRA BURNING
•
•

•
•

Verasity earns significant revenues from ads published on publisher sites utilizing Verasity
Technology.
CPMs paid for rewarded video on desktop are about $8 per thousand. By end 2020 Verasity
expects 30 million views per month across all its publishers or $240k in monthly revenue in a
combination of desktop and mobile ad revenue.
This will increase 10-fold by end of 2021 to $2.5m in monthly revenue for the combination
of desktop and mobile ad revenue and fees.
This permits Verasity to buy back a random portion of its tokens on exchanges and to burn
them.

VRA BUYBACK AND BURN POLICY
A random amount of all ad revenue and fees earned by Verasity in fiat are used to buy back VRA
from exchanges and burn VRA to reduce circulating supply. Verasity burned 2,135,033,305 VRA since
its launch. Verasity will inform the community from time to time after buy back and burn events.

11

GO TO MARKET STRATEGY WITH PUBLISHERS
The key to growing a video content economy is returning value to those who create value. Verasity
has designed the ecosystem mechanics so that all participants will be rewarded for positive
interactions on the platform.
Verasity focuses on providing B2B solutions for video publishers. Our primary customers are
Publishers, Creators and broadcasters. Now that the product is up and running our priority is to get
publishers to use our platform and fund their campaigns with VRA purchased from exchanges. This
will increase the price of VRA and perception in the market of scalability.
By providing solutions for publishers that require video views, higher engagement, CTAs and
revenues and by focusing on larger publishers with an existing audience, the team will be able to
scale the Verasity ecosystem significantly faster than other similar Blockchain projects. This will
increase the demand, awareness and user base for VRA.
Now that the platform and tools are released, working and out of beta, we can scale to any number
of publishers and viewers.
COMPETITION
Verasity is not competing with any of the myriad video sharing platforms. Verasity is not a video
sharing platform and has no direct competition that we know of. We concluded that video sharing
platforms cannot scale for various reasons including changing the workflows of publishers as well as
the habits and preferences of viewers. Our implementation of a Rewarded Video Module SDK for
90% of all online video platforms for publishers is unique and does not require any changes for the
publisher workflow or changes to the viewers video platform preferences. This make this solution
incredibly scalable.
Basic Attention Token (BAT) does provide viewers with BAT rewards. The only similarity is that BAT
provides rewards, but only at the browser interface. In their case all publishers are on one vanilla
browser interface with no control over their monetization or workflow. Verasity provides publishers
with an SDK which seamlessly integrates into their current online video platform and allows
publishers complete control over their rewarded campaigns and monetization. Publisher clients we
have spoken with would not consider BAT as a solution because of the lack of control over their
revenues.
Furthermore, viewers do not have to install a new browser, change their habits or preferences to be
part of the Verasity ecosystem. In our view, the Verasity solution scales without significant hurdles.
Any hurdles to publishers’ workflows or user's habits and preferences limits scale to early adopters
and will find it challenging if not possible to get to the early majority.
The Verasity solution piggy backs on the current infrastructure that all publishers are now using
and does not change viewers’ preferences or the publishers’ workflows so in our view has the
higher likelihood to succeed.

12

MARKETING, PRODUCT AND FINANCIAL OPERATIONS
Marketing Plan
1.

Video Publisher Marketing and Sales

Sales and marketing to publishers via direct sales in London by team members as well as via third
party integrators who build video players and provide the Verasity SDK module built-in so their
publishers may utilize the rewarded video solution. Publisher integrations are B2B. Our target is to
bring on over one thousand publishers in 2020 for mass adoption. We are working with some of the
largest online video platforms to meet our targets.
Our prospects and sales global pipeline include over 1,000 clients in the US, UK, EU and Asia.
Verasity is negotiating with multiple clients that integrate the Verasity SDK technology into their own
video players and that have publishers themselves as clients. This allows Verasity to scale its sales
efforts via third party integrators.

2.

Mobile Publisher Marketing and Sales
•

•
•
•
•
•
•

3.

Sales and marketing to game developers to provide our redemption module in gaming apps.
Publisher integrations are B2B. Our target is to bring on over 500 gaming apps in 2020 for
mass adoption. We are about to announce the Verasity Game Store soon as well.
Bounty programs for users to play our mobile gaming apps and do tasks. Currently there are
3,000 DAUs and we are targeting > 100,000 in 2020.
Airdrops for mobile app signups.
Weekly contests for leader board cash prizes in VRA and BTC.
Referral contests for the highest number of referrals in a certain period of time.
Banner ads in certain geos in South East Asia.
Global guerrilla marketing to spread the bounty threads in forums.

General Marketing
•

•

•
•

•

Community support and building for our 7 communities in English, Russian, Korean, Chinese,
Turkish, Vietnamese and Brazilian (see the platform links above). We support all our
communities with 13 community managers in all the above languages.
Social Media marketing across all our platforms: Twitter, Verasity Telegram main group,
Verasity Mobile Telegram, Kakao, Facebook, Linkedin, Reddit. Guerilla marketing to push out
the visibility and adoption of VRA worldwide.
Marketing via Forums and Bitcointalk.
Influencer Marketing across the same communities with top influencers on different social
media platforms. Currently over 20 influencers support Verasity in TG and Twitter and
YouTube - Expanding Videos viewed on YouTube about Verasity:
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=verasity&sp=QgIIAQ%253D%253D
A Verasity Video Wall will be released as well.

13

Product operations
•

•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•

Product Management, UX/UI and Wireframing
o Our Product Manager is responsible for obtaining the interests from all the
stakeholders in an upcoming product or to make changes to the current products.
Our designer works closely with Product Management and the development team to
solve UX issues prior to wireframing.
o Responsible for hitting the roadmap targets that are set out quarterly. So far, we
have been on time or earlier for all product launches since inception. Targets
continue to be set and can be found in our Roadmap at verasity.io which is in effect
the operational product plan.
Agile Product Development with weekly stand ups. Our CTO is responsible for the product
development team which are full employed by Verasity.
Product Testing - A QA team tests all products and updates prior to going into production.
Product Marketing - Prior to product launch the marketing team plans on the strategy for
introducing new products or features, then develops awareness campaigns.
Product Rollout - When all testing is finalized product updates and new products are put
into production.
Technical Product Support - Technical Product support is carried out by our product
operations team which follows up on bug reports as well as UI/UX improvements and
upgrades. It is also responsible for customization of products such as the video player and
SDK module for our clients.
Customer Product support - Our Customer Product support manages both client issues that
are raised in the field as well as support issues that are handled by ticket support. We
manage all support requests within 24 hours during the week and 48 hours on the weekend.
Product Performance Evaluation - we gather stats to measure multiple metrics and analyse
performance which results in product improvements being planned for future updates.
R&D - we are not waiting for cutting edge solutions - we create them ourselves which is why
research and development is an essential part of our operations.

Infrastructure and servers
We use cloud solutions to achieve easy scaling and exceptional performance. Servers are divided
into four groups:
1.
2.
3.
4.

High load servers - running custom highly efficient software where we need maximum
performance.
Secure servers which we will not be talking about much.
Utility servers - used for hosting web sites, apps, load balancers and other software.
Database clusters - servers dedicated for data storage in form of hot databases or big
data storages.

CDN (Content Delivery Network) – AWS or Akamai can be used with our OVP solution depending on
publisher demands. For example, some may find the AWS solution easier to adapt if all their
products are based on solutions from Amazon. Others may prefer the Akamai solution which may be
trickier to adapt but has some unique characteristics such as UDP video streaming which provides
the lowest possible latency.

14

Development servers are used to provide the best testing environment for our QA process by
mirroring production servers and their relations. This approach has proven to be failsafe when
talking about releasing updates on the fly with hundreds of thousands of live users.
Cold storage is used to provide safety for stored tokens.
Cloudflare is used as efficient CDN and reliable DDOS protection for web pages. Tested in real life
situations and verified.
Third party monitoring solutions are used to track our service availability from several locations on
each continent of the world. So far, we show 99.99999% uptime for all our services and improving.
Data Security and Privacy, the platform is compliant with strict privacy and data protection laws
including GDPR.

Financial Operations
Financial Operations are managed in-house by a dedicated team and can be divided into the
following areas:
•

Treasury – Verasity’s policy is to minimize its currency risk by carefully managing its crypto
and fiat balances. Fiat is held in USD, EUR, GBP and SGD across multiple banks and
jurisdictions and crypto held in BTC, ETH and VRA, predominantly in cold storage. The
business is able to naturally hedge its currencies’ inflows and outflows.

•

Payables & Receivables – Verasity pays its creditors accurately and on time according to
agreed terms and the company’s receivables are generally collectible and received within 45
to 60 days from major ad networks. Concentration of sales income and aged debtors are
monitored closely through exception reporting and risk analysis.

•

Reporting – The company produces monthly management accounts detailing its revenue
and expenditure compared to the annual budget and latest forecast, with movements
against these indices explained. In addition, Balance Sheet, Cashflow and the KPI dashboard
are the main tools for monthly reporting. In-depth reconciliations and board reports are
produced quarterly.

•

Planning & Strategy – Verasity has an annual bottom-up Budget process where each team
analyses and submits its projected costs and revenue for the forthcoming year. In addition, a
Rolling Forecast takes place quarterly to encourage continuous planning and to ensure the
business has the latest financial projections. Variances to the Budget and Rolling Forecast
are analysed and explained in the monthly management accounts. Throughout the year,
Finance works closely with Sales & Marketing and Development teams to better understand
their resource requirements.

UNIQUELY POWERFUL ARCHITECTURE
The technology behind Verasity features an end-to-end suite of products and systems that provide
Broadcasters, Publishers, Content Creators, Advertisers, and Consumers the infrastructure and tools
needed to access, engage and thrive.
15

SDK’s and API’s
Verasity’s platform generates a compatible SDK depending on the video player. Verasity also has an
API enabling data and analytics linked to the rewarded campaign. For more information on the
Verasity SDKs and API please visit the GitHub - https://github.com/verasitytech/docs

16

IN-DEPTH PRODUCT TOUR
VERAWALLET
The VeraWallet is the viewers’ entry point to the Verasity network and enables viewers to safely
store, earn and transact with VRA. The VeraWallet is accessible from within any compatible video
player that has integrated Verasity rewards SDK. Mobile applications on iOS and Android will soon
be available. Within the wallet, viewers have access to their main account, escrow account and
staking account.

Screen Shot of Verawallet.tv
Fund Campaigns
Video publishers and advertisers’ escrow VRA tokens to fund their campaigns and reward viewers
which build their audience, views, and revenues. The escrow guarantees that viewers are rewarded.
Learn more
Earn VRA
Select from participating VRA publishers, visit their site, watch great content and earn VRA. Also,
discover sites where you can be rewarded for watching ads. In Verasity’s mobile apps, participate in
quizzes and games to earn VRA. Learn more
Stake VRA
Investors can choose to stake their VRA and transfer from their main wallet to the staking wallet.
VRA is rewarded daily back to their staking wallet. Learn more
Send / Receive / Donate VRA
VRA holders use VeraWallet to send their VRA tokens to any compatible wallet or to an exchange
that lists VRA. Learn more

17

Verawallet Screenshots

Watch videos and earn

VRA Balances

Redeem VRA

Create Verawallet

Transaction History

18

Top Up and Withdraw

VERASITY’S ONLINE VIDEO PLATFORM - UNIQUE ARCHITECTURE
The video player infrastructure is optimized for providing best in class quality video experiences, at
scale. Verasity’s video infrastructure utilizes several novel technologies for enabling quality streams
even at the edge, combined with the latest Internet protocol performance standards like QUIC
(Quick UDP Internet Connections). This is an innovative use of the secure Transport Layer Security
(TLS) and User Datagram Protocol (UDP) reducing buffering and network latency for viewers.
Viewers can access content from any browser without having to install any additional plug-ins or
player software. The video player technology has already been proven to work at scale, powering
over 8 Petabytes of video traffic per month.
“Verasity is a white label version of an online video platform utilizing Akamai’s CDN network
as well as key technologies of Akamai. An Akamai network partner, the white label solution
utilizes Akamai’s “media acceleration efficiency” solution which has scaled on this white label
online video platform to over 8PB data per month.”
Joshua Frost Niven, Akamai
The technology features developed today include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

HTML5 Video Player Can run with or without Google IMA SDK
JS API interacting with our player embedded into any website
Built-in player wallet (Verawallet)
1080p / 60 frames per second full HD ready
Embedded technology making it available across any website
Lightweight and adaptive for mobile screens
Hight load clustered database with sophisticated bit data storage for advanced statistics
Back end database structure
Built-in notifications system
Third Party Publisher widgets
Referral system and social sharing features

CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (CMS)
The Verasity CMS is easy to use for publishers to manage their campaigns and video libraries. This
includes both an online and desktop-based upload and management suite that enables creators of
all sizes to effectively run their content libraries. The CMS has the look and feel of current CMSs
publishers utilize for their own ad campaigns in programmatic advertising which makes it extremely
easy to navigate for publishers.
With multiple monetization options, the protocol enables multiple types of content to thrive, from
niche technical videos through to feature films. The Verasity CMS was designed to cater to the
individual. We recognize that every viewer, content creator, and audience is different and therefore
bring together multiple monetization methods which allows creators to monetize their content in a
way that makes sense to their audience.

19

Screenshots of the operational video platform

20

CDN AND SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE
Verasity utilizes a custom-built online video platform which partners with Amazon and Akamai,
leading global CDN networks.
Verasity is a white label version of an online video platform utilizing Akamai's CDN network as well
as key technologies of Akamai. As an Akamai network partner, the white label solution utilizes
Akamai's “media acceleration efficiency (MAE)” solution which has scaled on this white label online
video platform to over 8PB data per month.
Using a CDN guarantees high playback quality, with low buffering, on a global scale also enables all
content to be securely hosted, stored and managed on Verasity servers. Reliable video delivery using
a scaled and trusted network such as Akamai guarantees superior user playback experience which is
critical for mass adoption. If viewers experience delayed video starts, low quality streams and long
buffering times, they will not adopt a new platform, nor will they happily pay for content, meaning
that platform could never scale.
As stated earlier, although Verasity partners with Akamai, Verasity does not rely on Akamai
technology and is also compatible with Amazon (AWS) and Microsoft’s Azure.

BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
Verasity built its platform and VRA token contract on Ethereum, with the smart contract address:
https://etherscan.io/token/0xdf1d6405df92d981a2fb3ce68f6a03bac6c0e41f

The team launched the in- wallet settlements off chain, which enables the development of initial
infrastructure. The team launched as well on the Binance Chain to support the project goals and
grow the community. This chain’s technology enables faster transactions with confirmations
happening in one block. Also, this offers cheaper transaction costs, vital for microtransactions.

PROOF OF VIEW™ AND ON-CHAIN ANALYTICS & VERIFICATION
Verasity has a patent-pending system to securely verify audience metrics (views) in a way that is
publicly transparent and tamper proof. This system ensures the integrity of all elements of the
Verasity economy which relies upon audience metrics.
Video ecosystems of today are plagued by suspect and often fake view statistics. These statistics are
used to value the content or advertising, thus are being manipulated to generate fraudulent
revenue.
PoV™ is a system designed to securely verify content consumption on the ecosystem, in a way that is
publicly transparent and tamper proof. It is utilized within the Verasity economy to ensure the
integrity of audience metrics and therefore the integrity of the ecosystem.
To ensure an accurate and transparent PoV™, Verasity will implement publicly auditable logs. These
logs will contain all views and content recommendations along with anonymized viewer information.
The information will all be General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Payment Card Industry (PCI
DSS), and ePrivacy compliant.
21

A Merkle Hash Tree guarantees that the database has never been altered. In the hash tree, each
view’s event data is hashed before being combined with other hashes until a final top hash is
reached. Each top hash represents all the data stored in the specific chunk of the database.
The database itself is split into chunks. A new chunk is created each time a new block is creat ed in
the Blockchain. The top hash of the current chunk is added to each new block in the Blockchain. (See
the diagram below)
As this data is stored in a decentralized manner, third parties can prove that each top hash added to
the Blockchain is accurate and unchanged. This allows any third party to verify that the logs added
within each new block on the Blockchain have not been tampered with, changed, branched or
forked.
On 7 February 2018, a United States provisional patent application was filed for a system and
method for Proof of View via Blockchain (Application Number 62627285) and fast tracked in the
middle of 2019.
Verasity technology will be offered under the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial- Share
Alike International Public License as the license stands as of February 16, 2018, see details below.

HOW POV™ PREVENTS FAKE VIEWS
The PoV™ system prevents multiple methods viewers may try to manipulate view counts and
audience metrics such as:
•
•
•
•
•

Automated repeated viewing of videos (looping views)
Attempting to load multiple videos in parallel
Loading videos in hidden windows / tabs
Attempting to manipulate analytics without watching content
Verasity or other party altering the views database

Only views from signed in viewers are counted
•

•
•
•
•

Within a video platform, views are a type of transaction. To provide accountability and
therefore transparency for transactions, a unique identifier needs to be allocated to all
parties involved. When viewers create an account, they are assigned an anonymous ID that
then marks the video views generated by that user.
Viewers who are not signed in can still view free videos, but these views are not confirmed
through PoV™.
A single user cannot make multiple views at the same time.
The majority of viewers are only able to truly watch one video at a time whereas some bad
actors may try to use multiple browsers, watching in parallel, to inflate view counts.
PoV will not count views when more than one video is running in parallel from a single user.

Confirmed streaming
•

•

For content to be viewed, the content file needs to be streamed to the browser. Through
Verasity’s PoV™ technology, while a video is being viewed the player will randomly be
required to provide information about the current frame of the video being viewed.
This ensures the content has been streamed and avoid bots that try to watch without
actually streaming content.
22

Player must be viewable
•

•
•
•

•

•

Through technology built into VeraPlayer, checks are made during a video view to ensure
the player is visible within the browser window and not scrolled out of view, hidden, shown
in background tab etc.
If a view is generated when the VeraPlayer is not viewable, the view will not be verified.
The suspicious activity requires a manual check.
While the above points outline some of the ways PoV™ technology will verify and guarantee
authentic views, the system will continually monitor for suspicious or unusual viewer
behaviour even if all the above checks are passed.
An example of suspicious behaviour would be a video being viewed by one user repeatedly
in a set period. While this is not necessarily a fake/invalid view, before additional views were
recorded as verified, a manual input would be required by the viewer to ensure they were
still watching. This manual input would be designed to avoid automatic/programmed
responses from being able to pass the check (e.g. reCAPTCHA).
As our PoV™ technology gains additional data through use, any common or high-frequency
suspicious activities will be used to create additional, automated features in PoV™ to verify.

PoV™ data is publicly auditable and transparent
•

•

•

Verasity’s technology will use advanced methods to ensure only views verified by PoV™ are
counted. Views which are verified will be added to a publicly accessible database containing
anonymized data regarding the views.
Verasity will provide free, open-source tools to provide transparency and accountability of
the system. With these tools, viewers and third parties can review the data to ensure its
accuracy and credibility. Although view data is anonymous, individual viewers can generate
their own unique ID to verify views recorded for their ID are accurate and not manipulated.
To ensure that the data stored within the publicly accessible PoV™ database is bona fide
untampered data, all view data is sent to the Blockchain as well as to the Verasity servers.

UPGRADED TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS IN 2019 EXCEEDING ROADMAP
OVP
Allows any publisher to build fast and scalable video serving web platforms like YouTube and Twitch.
The CDN is based on either the AWS cloud solution or Akamai server solution providing minimum
latency in any location worldwide as well as transparent scalability to a virtually infinite number of
video content items being served. Our video library now contains 120 TB of premium content and
growing. Videos are streamed in HLS format with automatic bitrate adjustment.
Ad Stack
•
•
•

The video ads serving solution is based on VAST/VPAID standards developed by the IAB
group.
Verasity is a member of IAB group along with other major players in the ads industry.
Allows processing ads from any number of ad providers by running their VAST/VPAID ad tags
through ads waterfall technology which handles the ranking of ad tags performance based
on numerous parameters gathered via ad stack statistics processing module compatible with

23

•

GDPR/CCPA. Historical data is saved to our big data storage and every ads waterfall is being
adjusted using sophisticated algorithms for statistical processing.
Backend for ads processing is written in C++ ensuring maximum performance, this allows us
to process hundreds of millions of ad requests daily.

Video Player
•
•
•
•
•
•

Custom solution providing industry standard video delivery featuring adaptive HLS
streaming, UI customization, integrated rewards solution and ad display module.
Player is written in JavaScript using HTML5 specs supported by all modern web browsers.
Featuring mobile fallback mode allowing video playback in mobile web browsers.
UI part is using react for maximum performance and fast development.
Google Protocol Buffers over WebSocket are used to ensure minimum latency and stable
communication with our servers.
Ads processing module combines 100% proprietary ads processor with Google IMA SDK ads
processing whatever is needed in the circumstances.
Rewarding module is built as an optional SDK that can be added to Verasity player and all
major players available for the web. Integrates deeply with the player allowing Verasity to
properly monitor video playback and reward viewers with VRA tokens for watching videos.

VeraWallet
•
•
•
•
•
•

Web wallet software supporting both mobile and desktop platforms used to manage VRA
tokens.
The Client is built using JavaScript and React. Backend part is designed to withstand high
load.
Manages both Ethereum and Binance blockchain tokens featuring wallet top ups, tokens
withdrawals to external wallets, spending tokens for online purchases.
Proprietary ledger software allows real time tokens transactions processing eliminating
possible blockchain pending times. This does not apply to withdrawals to external wallets.
VeraWallet provides swaps.
VeraWallet supports deep integration with the rewarded module allowing instant VRA
rewards for watching videos and the mobile app points to the redemption site for
conversion to VRA or BTC.

Mobile app
•
•

•
•

Triviata is made using Unity3d which makes it fast and scalable to all major mobile
platforms.
Mobile app economy combines rewarded video ads and offer walls from numerous ads
providers with natural gameplay economy, rewarding our users with-in game currency
redeemable to VRA and BTC.
Triviata is listed on both Android Play Market and Apple App Store.
Our solution provides the ability to easily integrate redeemable in-game currency to any
game and scale.

24

CURRENT APPLICATIONS UNDER DEVELOPMENT IN ADDITION TO ROADMAP
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

13 web sites are live using our rewarded video technology, 2 in development, 5 pending
agreement
10 web sites are running using our OVP, 3 in development
1 mobile app is live, 3 mobile apps in development at the redemption integration stage
VRA to Fiat gateway is in API development stage.
Mobile redemption to BTC is pushed to release stage.
Proof of View in beta development.
Mobile SDK multiple platforms support development. Android and iOS must be supported
separately along with 10-15 programming languages and frameworks for apps development.
Rewards SDK adding custom rewarding options in beta and testing now.
The Ad stack implementing a new VPAID wrapper is now in the production integration stage.
Mobile app analytics has 14 new metrics in development in various stages.

CONCLUSION
Verasity is a platform, dApps and token designed to service one of the largest sectors in the global
economy: video content and video ads. The programmatic ad industry alone is valued at over $300
billion per year and growing over 10% per year. The Verasity platform brings the best aspects of
various technologies including blockchain to improve a sector that requires fixing form the inside via
applications that are not so intrusive that they cannot be scaled. The platform, ecosystem, economy
and token work together to address the core issues facing this industry.
Verasity have already built out their products and are in-market successfully partnering with mobile
and desktop publishers and quickly growing its adoption rate.
Our goal is to become the global number one solution for interfacing video content and video ads
with viewers, publishers and ad networks utilizing rewards and loyalty programs. The Verasity
ecosystem incentivizes all its participants to create a virtuous circle of benefits to resolve the
inefficiencies in this $300B market.

25

CORE TEAM AND CONTRIBUTORS
The team are seasoned professionals with proven track records with high performing businesses in
the media, video and technology sectors. The core team have been involved in the project together
since 2017. The development team and management are full time and have been collaborating for
four years.

26

Verasity has engaged a number of experts in blockchain, online video players, advertising, marketing
and security to advise the project.

PARTNERS

27

COMMUNITY, PRESS & MEDIA
Large, Loyal and Engaged Community
•
•

•
•

The Verasity brand was mentioned in Google over 43,000 times, with over 8 million unique
video views and 63,000 registered Verawallet users.
Facebook fans with 87,000 engagements, 49,000 shares for Verasity, Triviata (a mobile game
operated by Verasity) and Cryptonow.tv (a website operated by Verasity). Sentiment: 75%
positive.
Twitter overall engagement 55,000, Likes: 30,000, Retweets: 20,000 with 14,000 mentions.
Sentiment: 65% positive.
Medium total views: 105,000, total reads: 36,300.

28

WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT VERASITY
“Video is a powerful tool to educate, engage and entertain. Verasity’s video player solution
offers the perfect vehicle for viewers, publishers and content creators to benefit from the
utility of blockchain technology. I’m glad that Binance and Verasity are leading that charge
globally.”
Changpeng Zhao, CEO & Founder of Binance

“...it definitely solves an existing problem of the current ad market...the potential of Verasity
and its unique approach to programmatic ads is vast.”
Blockfyre

“Verasity′s tech integration results after just 30 days on our eBonus.gg site went far beyond
our expectations:
Total videos watched: 2.02M -> 2.39M (18% improvement)
Videos watched (unique user daily visualizations): 82.2K -> 102.4K (25% improvement)
Total watch time: 1289 days -> 1756 days (36% improvement)
And these % values have persisted! Really impressive gains in an industry where even a few
% points make all the difference in profitability. Thank you Verasity!”
Pedro Pereira, CTO, eBonus.gg

“Verasity's innovative Blockchain based video technology is of great interest to operators &
publishers across regions. I believe using the cryptocurrency powered Video Player with
exclusive OTT content, operator's brand and reach, companies can significantly benefit by
reaching their global user base with a new way to engage and consume video online.
Specifically in APAC, this new technology can change the way people distribute and consume
content to create a transparent and seamless experience.”
Akash Tyagi, Head of Strategy & New Initiatives, Dish TV

“The current advertising model is broken. Consumers are now understanding who has their
data, what it is being used for, and who it is being sold to. The Cambridge
Analytica/Facebook news has brought this to a head. Verasity is ushering in a new era of optin / reward-based advertising which I believe consumers will quickly adopt.”
Jon Hook, EMEA Board Director Mobile Marketing Association

“Verasity takes the next step in rewarding creators for the content they make.”
Niall Coen, Managing Director at Snack Media
29

“Verasity has developed a great value proposition for today’s media landscape by enabling
brands and advertisers to directly reward viewers for their attention.”
Stuart Ferreira-Cole, Commercial Director at Ostmodern

“Advertising workflow audits are a hot topic right now. Verasity’s Proof of View (PoV™)
technology is a great example of how Blockchain technology can be put to good use in ad
tech.”
Ramy Yareed, AdTech industry advisor

“Blockchain technology is spearheading solutions for deep structural problems within
advertising. Verasity is a great way for publishers to tangibly reward consumers. Tracking
consumer consent through Proof of View will give mobile advertisers a significant confidence
boost.”
Dan Wilson, CEO of LMEX

PUBLICATIONS, VIDEOS, PODCASTS AND AMAs
Publications
Verasity Blockfyre Report
https://drive.google.com/file/d/13TfnPbVVjGAu9UC6jg_y-QQe0v6d-LVn/view
How Crypto Assets are Capturing the Attention Economy
https://news.bitcoin.com/how-crypto-assets-are-capturing-the-attention-economy/
How Traditional Financial Institutions are Using Interactive Advertising to Stay
https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/how-traditional-financial-institutions-are-using-interactiveadvertising-to-stay
Verasity Partners with the Interactive Advertising Bureau to dive the Emerging Value Exchange
Economy
https://venturebeat.com/2019/09/04/verasity-partners-with-the-interactive-advertising-bureau-todrive-the-emerging-value-exchange-economy/
AzarCapital & Amazix Verasity Token Report
https://www.docdroid.net/3eStW4p/verasity-token-report.pdf
Verasity Publisher Stats Prove Stunning Says eBonus
https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/verasity-publisher-stats-prove-stunning-saysebonus-1028353253
Comparing Game of Thrones to Verasity
30

https://www.buzzfeed.com/evansstroud09/comparing-game-of-thrones-to-verasity-74tintd0eq
Verasity: The Next Killer App for Video Rewards
https://www.coinspeaker.com/verasity-next-killer-app-video-rewards/
What is Verasity? Attention Based Platform for Video
https://blockonomi.com/verasity-video-rewards/
TOP 10 Micro Cap Gems
https://www.publish0x.com/hydro-overlord/top-10-micro-cap-gems-xxowqw
Verasity Announces Integration with YouTube
https://www.marketwatch.com/press-release/verasity-announces-integration-with-youtube-201905-20

Videos about Verasity
Girl Gone Crypto - What is Verasity? A blockchain Solution for Advertising on Video Content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0V8DJiTOFqw&t=2s
Crypto Beadles - (VRA) Crypto Project Verasity on making a better YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhRJhS592g0
Scott Cunningham - Verasity Is The Best Attention-Based Video Rewards Model | EP#146
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7SGqxSyZ8I
Mr_Kristof - I FAILED MISERABLY with Bitcoin! Verasity to be USED BY MAJOR MEDIA OUTLETS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFUg5lCKC_g
CryptoCurrency Exchange Exrates - Earn Cryptocurrency for watching Ads: Verasity Coin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6AbDM7H2LY
Crypto Trends - ICO Verasity Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAKaCo14nmI
Avseenko-Life - Verasity Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MFe2b_bdIU
Dr.Altcoin - Verasity Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTCujEB5XYg
The Crypto Lark - Want to Get Paid in Crypto To Watch Youtube?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONFpwu2P_gg
Coach K - Verasity Cryptocurrency Simple ERC-20 to BEP-2 Binance Conversion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgjqC1QFFrw&

31

Tokenize - Verasity ICO Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMHhOcwaqgs
Verasity - Verasity - The blockchain powered video sharing economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NKxQCxeOGw
David Pakman Show - Verasity ICO Interview: Youtube on the Blockchain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OImdIyqyu-Y
That Martini Guy - Verasity Review, Future Top Altcoin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnIEMKv_Urs&t=2s
Crypto Corner - Verasity Interview: Youtube on the Blockchain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK-05EyergQ
Altcoin Nerds - Verasity - the ICO Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKes6x2Xz3g
CrypChronicles TV - HOT ICO 2018 - Verasity Video Streaming could DESTROY YOUTUBE... Here is why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXuG89p7AuQ
Ponderist - How to earn VRA token & convert to VRAB? [Video Rewards by Verasity]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Hx0wMw3cAY
Sonny Eyakwaire - Verasity a rewarding blockchain video platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwEgIvrHs0U
Ludwig Van Bitcoin - Verasity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0ier5czYcY
Verasity - Asia Pop 40 - How to claim your rewards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHBYFNEkZdM
The NOiZE Australia - What is Verasity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-27yMCWIxM
Airdrop Inside - Verasity Listed CoinMarketCap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5exsnL3yAs
Minha Casa Meu Trabalho - VRA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDDLF9N39a0
Jsaves - Verasity Video Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-acq-o80__Q
Increase Capital - Verasity Review Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy0zn-uX6ss

32

Bounty News - Verasity a next generation video platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNIWBZesn3Y
Lora David - Verasity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWkZwOkaRjM
Best ICO Finder - Verasity: The Future of Online Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aK3U_7HOTZU]
Cryp Story - Verasity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djNPUMv1Uxw
TOTHEMOON - Verasity - The next generation Video Sharing Platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COL3_EjTpxE
Indo Crypto - VERASITY - Video sharing platform designed to liberate Creators and benefit Viewers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ntpI3WIGzA
NexChange - Block O2O Blockchain Summit - Chris Gale, Verasity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQIAasdNiMo
Road to the Moon - Verasity ~ Project Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oe77ovrgVqM
Learn Fast Earn - VERASITY- Attention-Based Platform for Video Rewards|Join Bounty for VRA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cZX_jZO_Ns
World Crypto Paradise - Verasity Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccvFe7YF0Yk
Future Tokens - Verasity ICO Review Part 1+2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XjzOpT1ElY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXeIAlU24wM
Bhagwaan - 7 New Free Airdrop Coins 2018 - Verasity, BPC, Lordchain Token, etc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jka6usO2upI
Stas Yarmakov - Verasity Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmAxP8LgwYw
Евгений Вертель - Verasity - Видео-платформа нового поколения #ICO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNmzY_1c_Zg

Recent Podcasts about Verasity
https://soundcloud.com/user-321549709/verasity-podcast-1
https://soundcloud.com/user-321549709/verasity-podcast-2
33

https://soundcloud.com/richard-jacobs-924106926/david-orman-co-founder-ceo-and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhRJhS592g0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OImdIyqyu-Y

Recent Verasity AMAs
Pantera Group
https://medium.com/verasity/verasity-x-ico-pantera-group-ama-with-chris-gale-d94d67723ca
Binance Dex
https://medium.com/verasity/verasity-x-binance-dex-telegram-ama-summary-e771dd5fc22c
TrustWallet
https://medium.com/verasity/verasity-x-trust-wallet-ama-summary-76a75d4d86c5
Verasity AMA
https://medium.com/verasity/verasitys-first-telegram-ama-recap-fc92ed7e0763
Digital Currency Alliance
https://www.digitalcurrencyalliance.com/ActionChris/Verasity-AMA-6-15-2018.pdf

34

35

36

TOKENOMICS FOR VRA
Token name: Verasity
Token code: VRA
Blockchain: ERC20 Ethereum
Decimals: 18
Fixed total (and maximum) supply: 10,356,466,695 VRA
Total burned since inception: 2,135,033,306 VRA (17% of Total Supply)
Circulating supply: 3,303,718,843 VRA, https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/verasity/
Contract address: https://etherscan.io/address/0xdf1d6405df92d981a2fb3ce68f6a03bac6c0e41f
Open source: https://github.com/verasitytech
Smart Contract Audit: https://verasity.io/documents/smart_contract_audit.pdf
Legal Opinion: https://verasity.io/documents/legal-opinion.pdf
Token Use:
• The VRA token is used as the main value carrier in the Verasity ecosystem.
• Mobile apps users redeem in game currencies for VRA.
• Viewers earn VRA tokens for watching videos and ads.
• Publishers provide VRA tokens for rewarding their users.
• Verasity rewards viewers for different kinds of tasks.
Token Distribution

37

VERASITY AND BINANCE CHAIN
On 24th May 2019, Verasity, began testing a BEP2 token on the Binance Chain for the following
reasons:
•

•
•
•
•
•
•

Speed - more frequent block generation leading to faster transactions. It is based on the
Tendermint BFT consensus algorithm without embedded smart contracts. The current TPS of
the blockchain is a couple of thousands but can be scaled significantly.
Time to confirmation – 1 second which is faster by an order of magnitude than any of its
competitors not to mention Ethereum which is 6 minutes.
Scalability – The Binance blockchain appears to be on equal footing with leaders like EOS,
Tron and Stellar.
Security - decentralized exchange of tokens
Security - listing of new tokens are approved by the community, so a lower possibility of
token spoofing
Security - token smart contract is implemented by the blockchain and has a higher security
level
Price - lower and more stable TX fees

38

LEGAL APPROACH
Due to concerns around unpredictability and regulation (or lack of in many markets) the team have
treated the legal and administrative elements to setting up the project and raising funds very
seriously. Verasity appointed a legal officer to sit on the advisory team and work closely with the rest
of the Verasity Foundation advising best practices. Verasity appointed Ogier, a well-known and
highly reputable legal firm that has a dedicated Digital, Blockchain and Fintech team to advise
Verasity on the structure of Verasity Foundation and certain regulatory and other matters pertaining
to Cayman Islands laws. Verasity has also appointed BDBPitmans, a well-known and highly reputable
legal firm in the United Kingdom with respect to certain regulatory and other matters. In order to
comply with present and/or future regulation, Verasity Foundation is opting to apply the necessary
KYC/AML and accredited investor procedures during the token sale and to comply with all applicable
regulations including necessary sanctions and PEP checks.

GOVERNANCE AND ROLE OF THE FOUNDATION
Verasity Foundation will be responsible for ensuring the vision of the White Paper is adhered to,
funding the development of the platform and funding the support growth within the community.
Verasity Foundation will be conducting the initial sale of VRA and will thereafter be monitoring
Verasity to ensure the Verasity Platform is developed in accordance with the principles set out in this
White Paper. Proceeds raised from the sale of VRA will remain in the Foundation and be unlocked to
VRATech Pte Limited based on predefined milestones agreed upon and validated by the Foundation.
Verasity’s General Counsel is a Supervisor of the Foundation and will validate milestones as well as
the use of funds from the ICO.
Verasity Foundation will provide updates to the contributors to the project regarding the roadmap
updates. This will include current developments, forecast vs. current and latest updates (updates to
the Whitepaper).
Verasity management will not be able to buy or sell VRA during the 20 days prior to the
announcement of the quarterly management reports to avoid insider trading. Verasity management
lock up period is over a 4-year period. Private investor lock-up periods are 9 months.
Verasity Foundation has made public its GitHub (https://github.com/verasitytech/docs).

VERASITY FOUNDATION, TOKEN HOLDERS AND VERASITY
Verasity Foundation is a foundation company incorporated in the Cayman Islands under the
Companies Law (Revised) and registered as a foundation company pursuant to the Foundation
Companies Law, 2017. Verasity Foundation's management will be carried out by its directors.
Holders of tokens are not entitled to appoint or remove the board of directors of the Verasity
Foundation. The Foundation does not pay dividends and is wholly set up to exploit the value of
Verasity technology to benefit its token holders and no other asset class. The Foundation acts as the
token generator.

39

All Verasity products, improvements, platform technology and development are contracted to and
provided by VRATech Pte Ltd, Singapore. Patents, intellectual property and code are owned by
Verasity Foundation. Physically, the team is in the United Kingdom, Singapore and Poland.
80% of the Verasity roadmap has been completed and the rollout of its products to publishers has
commenced, mitigating the risk of further development costs. Revenues are now being generated
and are expected to scale.
Verasity Foundation has endeavoured to conserve the value of the Token Sale proceeds and
attempted to limit risks associated with unstable cryptocurrency market prices. Verasity Foundation
achieved this objective by exchanging the proceeds of the Token Sale into either fiat currencies or
other assets with a history of price stability.
The Cayman Islands and Singapore are well-known and established jurisdictions in the international
financial marketplace due to its stable and predictable political and legal framework, as well as its
tax neutral status for international transactions. Verasity believes a Cayman domicile for the Verasity
Foundation and operating company in Singapore will provide for a long-term period of stability. The
Verasity Foundation will pay zero taxes on the transactions of the Verasity Economy. The competent
court for litigation will be the courts of The Cayman Islands.
PRELIMINARY DISCLOSURES
The digital tokens described in this White Paper may only be used for enabling transactions
associated with viewing digital content through the Verasity Platform, and such tokens have no
intrinsic value and may not be redeemed except by a Content Creator in payment for viewership of
his or her work product through the Verasity Platform.
The acquisition of VRA involves a high degree of risk. Before acquiring VERA, it is recommended that
each purchaser conduct their own careful examination of all relevant information and risks
(including as set forth below and in additional documentation associated with the sale of VERA). If
any of the following risks occurs, the Verasity Platform and VRA may be materially and adversely
affected, including all VRA being rendered worthless or unusable.
While tokens may be traded through one or more cryptocurrency exchanges, there is no guarantee
of value, and the token may be delisted at any time that it does not meet the listing requirements of
the exchange. The cryptocurrency token market is immature, and there are numerous risks that
threaten the entire category, including but not limited to regulatory risk, the potential collapse of
Ethereum as a cryptocurrency, loss of the password key that enables access to a digital wallet, and
the potential for bad actors to attack and steal either the content on Verasity or the contents of the
digital wallets that belong to the members of the Verasity community, owners and its viewers.

40

FULL RISKS AND LEGAL DISCLOSURES
IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX,
AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) BEFORE TAKING ANY ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
WHITE PAPER.
This document (the White Paper) is intended to present general information regarding the planned
Verasity System. In connection with the development of the System, sales of blockchain tokens may
take place in one or more proposed generation and sale events of VRA OR VRAB (Tokens)
undertaken by the Verasity Foundation Company Limited (the Token Generator) (collectively, the
Token Generation). Certain terms of this document pertain to potential purchasers (each a
Purchaser) in any such sale(s).
1.

RELIANCE

Any Tokens are offered solely on the basis of the information contained in the terms and conditions
of purchase and sale (Terms and Conditions). Potential Purchasers should disregard, and not rely
upon, any other information or representations given or made by any dealer, broker or other
person. No person is authorized to give any information or to make any representations in
connection with any offering of VRA or VRAB Tokens apart from those contained in the Terms and
Conditions. A potential Purchaser to whom such information or representations are given or made
must not rely on them as having been authorized by the Token Generator or any of its affiliates or
subsidiaries.
Statements in the White Paper are generally based on the law and practice in the Cayman Islands,
with certain specific statements based on the law and practice of the jurisdictions explicitlymentioned, in each case current at the date the White Paper was issued. Those statements are
therefore subject to change should the corresponding law or practice change. Under no
circumstance does the delivery of the White Paper or the sale of Tokens imply or represent that the
affairs of the Token Generator have not changed since the date of the White Paper.
1.1.

Purchaser responsibility

Nothing contained in the White Paper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Token Generator. The Token Generator
does not make representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the economic return from,
or the tax consequences of a purchase of Tokens. Prospective Purchasers should carefully review the
whole of the token sale Terms and Conditions provided along with any token sale offer. They should
also consult with their legal, tax and financial advisors in relation to the following: (i) the legal and
regulatory requirements within their own countries for purchasing, holding and disposing of Tokens;
(ii) any foreign exchange restrictions to which they may be subject in their own countries in relation
to purchasing, holding or disposing of Tokens; and (iii) the legal, tax, financial and other
consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding or disposing of Tokens.

This White Paper is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of
any jurisdiction which are designed to protect investors. To the maximum extent permitted by

41

applicable law, Token Generator expressly disclaims and shall not be liable for any and all
responsibility for any direct or any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any

kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits,
and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with (i) Purchaser's acceptance of or reliance
on any information contained in the White Paper, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such
information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.
1.2.

Distribution and selling restrictions

The distribution of the White Paper and the offering or purchase of Tokens may be restricted in
certain jurisdictions. The White Paper is not intended as part of any offer, sale or distribution under
the laws of any jurisdiction governing the offer or sale of securities.
The receipt of the White Paper or the accompanying Terms and Conditions does not constitute an
invitation to a recipient to subscribe for Tokens in a jurisdiction where it is necessary to comply with
registration or any other legal requirement to make that invitation, or the use of the Terms and
Conditions, lawful. No such recipient may treat the White Paper or the accompanying Terms and
Conditions as an invitation to subscribe for Tokens, nor may such recipient use the Terms and
Conditions. More particularly, the White Paper does not constitute an offer or solicitation:
o
by anyone in a jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the
person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so; or
o

to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

It is the responsibility of every person in possession of the White Paper and every person wishing to
apply to purchase Tokens to inform himself, herself or itself of, and to observe all applicable laws
and regulations of, any relevant jurisdiction.
1.3.

Forward looking information

All statements, estimates and financial information contained in the White Paper, made in any press
releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Token
Generator that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some
of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”,
“believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”,
“project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. Such forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual events or results,
performance or achievements to differ materially from the estimates or the results implied or
expressed in such forward-looking statements.
Further, the Token Generator disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking
statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future
developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events
occur in the future.
2.

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

The acquisition of Tokens involves a high degree of risk. Before acquiring Tokens, it is recommended
that each Purchaser conduct its own careful examination of all relevant information and risks about
the Token Generator, Verasity Platform and Tokens and, specifically, the disclosures and risk factors
42

set out below. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the Verasity Platform, Token and
Purchaser's Tokens may be materially and adversely affected, including the Purchaser's Token being
rendered worthless or unusable.
2.1.

Disclosures regarding the White Paper
2.1.1.

Accuracy of information, no consent of parties referenced in White Paper

This White Paper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been
obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market
research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports,
studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that
the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable,
but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included
information.
Save for the Token Generator and its respective directors, executive officers and employees,
no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other
information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith
in the White Paper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be
provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such
persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. Neither the Token
Generator nor Verasity Technology (Cayman) have conducted any independent review of
the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of
such information or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein.
Consequently, neither Token Generator nor its directors, executive officers and employees
acting on its behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the
same
2.1.2

Terms used

To facilitate a better understanding of Tokens being offered for purchase by the Token
Generator, and the businesses and operations of the Token Generator, certain technical
terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used
in the White Paper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as
being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or
usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and
neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.
2.1.3

Restrictions on distribution and dissemination of White Paper

The distribution or dissemination of the White Paper or any part thereof may be prohibited
or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case
where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any
restrictions which are applicable to your possession of the White Paper or such part thereof
(as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to the Token Generator.

43

Persons to whom a copy of the White Paper has been distributed or disseminated, provided
access to or who otherwise have the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it to
any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute the White Paper or any information
contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
2.1.4

Language of White Paper

This White Paper may have been prepared in multiple languages. In the event of any
inconsistencies between one version and another, the English language version shall prevail.
2.2

Disclosures regarding Tokens
2.2.1

Token is a utility token

Tokens are digital utility tokens that afford Token holders to access the Verasity Platform
and/or execute certain functions on the Verasity Blockchain. Tokens do not represent a loan
to Token Generator, nor do they provide Purchaser with any ownership or other interest in
or to Token Generator. For greater certainty, the purchase of Tokens does not provide
Purchaser with any form of ownership right or other interest in or to Token Generator or
Verasity or its present or future assets and revenues, including, but not limited to, any
voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, revenue sharing, proprietary (including all
forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights.
2.2.2

Tokens are non-refundable

Other than instances described in the Terms and Conditions, if any, Token Generator is not
obliged to provide Token holders with a refund for any reason, and Token holders will not
receive money or other compensation in lieu of a refund. Statements set out in the White
Paper are merely expressions of the Token Generator's objectives and desired work plan to
achieve those objectives. and no promises of future performance or price are or will be
made in respect to Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, and no guarantee that
Tokens will hold any particular value.
2.2.3

Tokens are provided on an “as is” basis

Tokens are provided on “as is” basis. The Token Generator and Verasity and each of their
respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors make no
representations or warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise
regarding Tokens, including any warranty of title, merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose or any warranty that Tokens and Verasity Platform will be uninterrupted, error-free
or free of harmful components, secure or not otherwise lost or damaged. Except to the
extent prohibited by applicable law, the Token Generator and Verasity and each of their
respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors disclaim all
warranties, including any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness
for a particular purpose, non- infringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising
out of any course of dealings, usage or trade.
2.2.4

Not an offering of securities, commodities or swaps

The sale of Tokens and Tokens themselves are not securities, commodities, swaps on either
securities or commodities, or a financial instrument of any kind. Purchases and sales of
Tokens are not subject to the protections of any laws governing those types of financial
instruments. This White Paper and all other documents referred to in the White Paper
44

including the Terms and Conditions do not constitute a prospectus or offering document,
and are not an offer to sell, nor the solicitation of an offer to buy an investment, a security,
commodity, or a swap on either a security or commodity.
2.2.5

Non-Investment purposes

Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser is not purchasing Tokens for purposes of
investment, speculation, as some type of arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale or other
financial purposes. Tokens are not designed for investment purposes and should not be
considered as a type of investment.
2.3

Tokens may have no value

3.

FORCE MAJEURE

The Token Generation and the performance of the Token Generator’s activities set out in White
Paper development roadmap may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force majeure
events. For the purposes of the White Paper, a force majeure event shall mean any extraordinary
event or circumstances which could not be prevented by Token Generator and shall include:
hardware, software or other utility failures, changes in market forces or technology, software or
smart contract bugs, changes in blockchain-related protocols, acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts,
mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other
failures of energy supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or federal
governmental agencies or other circumstances beyond Token Generator's control, which were not in
existence at the time of Token Generation. Purchaser understands and agrees that Token G enerator
shall not be liable and disclaims all liability to Purchaser in connection with a force majeure event.
4.

INSURANCE

Unlike bank accounts or accounts at financial institutions, Tokens are uninsured unless you
specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of utility value,
there is no public insurer or private insurance arranged by Token Generator to offer recourse to
Purchaser.
5.

GOVERNMENTAL DISCLOSURES

5.1.

Risk of unfavorable regulatory action in one or more jurisdictions

The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology is
undeveloped, varies significantly among jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. It is
possible that certain jurisdictions may adopt laws, regulations, policies or rules directly or indirectly
affecting the Bitcoin and Ethereum network, or restricting the right to acquire, own, hold, sell,
convert, trade, or use Tokens.
Developments in laws, regulations, policies or rules may alter the nature of the operation of the
blockchain network upon which Tokens are dependent. There can be no assurance that
governmental authorities will not examine the operations of the Token Generator and Verasity
and/or pursue enforcement actions against the Token Generator and Verasity. All of this may subject
the Token Generator and Verasity to judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause the Token
Generator and Verasity to restructure their operations and activities or to cease offering certain
products or services, all of which could harm the Token Generator and Verasity’s reputation or lead
to higher operational costs, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Tokens and/or the
development of the Verasity Platform.
45

5.2.

Purchaser bears responsibility of legal categorization

There is a risk that Tokens might be considered a security in certain jurisdictions, or that they
might be considered to be a security in the future. The Token Generator does not provide any
warranty or guarantee as to whether Tokens will be a security in the jurisdiction of the Purchaser.
Each Purchaser will bear all consequences of Tokens being considered a security in their respective
jurisdiction. Every Purchaser is responsible to confirm if the acquisition and/or disposal of Tokens is
legal in its relevant jurisdiction, and each Purchaser undertakes not to use Tokens in any jurisdiction
where doing so would be unlawful. If a Purchaser establishes that the purchase or use of Tokens is
not legal in its jurisdiction, it should not acquire Tokens and immediately stop using or possessing
Tokens. Acquiring Tokens in exchange for cryptocurrencies will most likely continue to be scrutinized
by various regulatory bodies around the world, which may impact the usage of Token s. The legal
ability of the Token Generator to provide or support Tokens in some jurisdictions may be eliminated
by future regulation or legal actions. In the event the Token Generator determines that the purchase
or usage of Tokens is illegal in a certain jurisdiction, the Token Generator may cease operations in
that jurisdiction, or adjust Tokens or the Verasity Platform in a way to comply with applicable law.
5.3.

Purchaser bears responsibility for complying with transfer restrictions

Tokens may be placed on third-party exchanges, giving future purchasers and viewers an
opportunity to openly buy Tokens. A user seeking to enter the Verasity Platform following the Token
Generation will have to buy Tokens on such exchanges. Conversely, Tokens may be sold on such
exchanges if the holder of Tokens would like to exit the Verasity Platform ecosystem. Existing laws
on the circulation of securities in certain countries, such as the United States of America, Canada and
Singapore, may prohibit the sale of Tokens to the residents of those countries. When buying Tokens,
Purchaser should be aware of the restrictions on their subsequent sale.
6.

GENERAL SECURITY RISKS

6.1.

Risk of theft and hacking

Token generation events and initial coin offerings are often targeted by hackers and bad actors.
Hackers may attempt to interfere with the Purchaser's private key storage device or digital wallet
Digital Wallet, the Verasity Blockchain or the availability of Tokens in any number of ways, including
without limitation denial of service attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or
consensus-based attacks. Any such attack may result in theft of Purchaser's Tokens.
6.2.

Private keys

Tokens purchased by Purchaser may be held by Purchaser in Purchaser’s digital wallet or vault,
which requires a private key, or a combination of private keys, for access. Accordingly, loss of
requisite private key(s) associated with Purchaser’s digital wallet or vault storing Tokens will result in
loss of such Tokens. Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private key(s), including by
gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet or vault service Purchaser uses, may be able to
misappropriate Purchaser’s Tokens. Token Generator is not responsible for any such losses.
6.3.

Exchange risks

If Purchaser sends cryptocurrencies to the Token Generator from an exchange or an account that
Purchaser does not control, Tokens will be allocated to the account that has sent such

46

cryptocurrency; therefore, Purchaser may never receive or be able to recover Purchaser’s Tokens.
Furthermore, if Purchaser chooses to maintain or hold Tokens through a cryptocurrency exchange
or other third party, Purchaser’s Tokens may be stolen or lost.
6.4.
Risk of incompatible wallet services
The wallet or wallet service provider used for the storage of Tokens has to be technically compatible
with Tokens. The failure to assure this may result in the Purchaser not being able to gain access to its
Tokens.
6.5.
Risk of weaknesses or exploitable breakthroughs in the field of cryptography
Advances in cryptography, or other technical advances such as the development of quantum
computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies, Ethereum and Tokens, which could result in the
theft or loss of Tokens.
6.6.

Internet transmission risks

There are risks associated with using Tokens including, but not limited to, the failure of hardware,
software, and internet connections. The Token Generator shall not be responsible for any
communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using
the Verasity Platform and Tokens, howsoever caused. Transactions in cryptocurrencies may be
irreversible, and, accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be
recoverable. cryptocurrency transactions are deemed to be made when recorded on a public ledger,
which is not necessarily the date or time when the transaction is initiated.
7.

VERASITY PLATFORM DISCLOSURES

7.1.

No guarantee that Verasity Blockchain will be developed

Purchaser acknowledges, understands and agrees that Purchaser should not expect and there is no
guarantee or representation or warranty by Token Generator that:
(a) the Verasity Platform will ever be adopted;
(b) the Verasity Platform will be adopted as developed by Token Generator and not in a
different
or modified form;
(c) a blockchain utilizing or adopting the Token Generator will ever be launched; and
(d) a blockchain will ever be launched with or without changes to the Verasity Platform and
with or without a distribution matching the fixed balances of the initial tokens distributed
under the Token Sale.
7.2.
Risks associated with the Verasity and Ethereum blockchains and associated software
and/or infrastructure.
(a)
Malfunctions - The initial iteration of the Tokens are based on the Ethereum
blockchain. As such, any malfunction, unintended function or unexpected functioning of the
Ethereum protocol may cause Tokens and/or the Verasity Platform to malfunction or
function in an unexpected or unintended manner.

47

(b)
Bugs and weaknesses - The Ethereum blockchain rests on open source software, and
accordingly there is the risk that the token smart contract pertaining to the initial iteration of
Tokens may contain intentional or unintentional bugs or weaknesses which may negatively
affect Tokens or result in the loss or theft of Tokens or the loss of ability to access or control
Tokens. In the event of such a software bug or weakness, there may be no remedy and
Token holders are not guaranteed any remedy, refund or compensation.
(c)
Delays and congestions - On the Ethereum blockchain (which is used for
the Token Sale) timing of block production is determined by proof of work so block
production can occur at random times. For example, Ether contributed to the Verasity
Blockchain in the final seconds of a distribution period may not get included for that period.
Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the Ethereum blockchain may not include the
Purchaser’s transaction at the time Purchaser expects and Purchaser may not receive Tokens
the same day Purchaser sends Ether. The Ethereum blockchain is prone to periodic
congestion during which transactions can be delayed or lost. Individuals may also
intentionally spam the Ethereum network in an attempt to gain an advantage in purchasing
cryptographic tokens. Purchaser acknowledges and understands that Ethereum block
producers may not include Purchaser’s transaction when Purchaser wants, or Purchaser’s
transaction may not be included at all.
7.3.

Irreversible nature of blockchain transactions

Transactions involving Tokens that have been verified, and thus recorded as a block on the
blockchain, generally cannot be undone. Even if the transaction turns out to have been in error, or
due to theft of a user's Token, the transaction is not reversible. Further, at this time, there is no
governmental, regulatory, investigative, or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to
bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrencies. Consequently, the Token
Generator may be unable to replace missing Tokens or seek reimbursement for any erroneous
transfer or theft of Tokens.
7.4.

Amendments to protocol

The development team and administrators of the source code for Ethereum blockchain or the
Verasity Blockchain could propose amendments to such network's protocols and software that, if
accepted and authorized, or not accepted, by the network community, could adversely affect the
supply, security, value, or market share of Tokens.
7.5.

Risk of mining attacks

As with other decentralized cryptocurrencies, the Ethereum blockchain, which is used for the initial
tokens sold under the Token Sale, is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to
double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks and race condition
attacks. Any successful attack presents a risk to Tokens, including the expected proper execution and
sequencing of Tokens and Ethereum contract computations in general. Despite the efforts of the
Token Generator and Ethereum Foundation, the risk of known or novel mining attacks exists. Mining
attacks, as described above, may also target other blockchain networks, with which Tokens interact
with and consequently Tokens may be impacted also in that way to the extent described above.
8.

TOKEN GENERATOR DISCLOSURES
48

Because Tokens confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Token Generator, all
decisions involving the Token Generator’s products or services within the platform or Token
Generator itself will be made by Token Generator at its sole discretion. These decisions could
adversely affect the platform and the utility of any Token you own.
8.1.

Dependence on management team

The ability of the Verasity Platform project team, which is responsible for maintaining competitive
position of the Verasity Platform, is dependent to a large degree on the services of a senior
management team. The loss or diminution in the services of members of such senior management
team or an inability to attract, retain and maintain additional senior management personnel could
have a material adverse effect on the Verasity Platform. Competition for personnel with relevant
expertise is intense due to the small number of qualified individuals, and this competition may
seriously affect the Token Generator's ability to retain its existing senior management and attract
additional qualified senior management personnel, which could have a significant adverse impact on
the Verasity Platform.
8.2.

Risks related to reliance on third parties

Even if completed, the Verasity Platform will rely, in whole or partly, on third-parties to adopt and
implement it and to continue to develop, supply, and otherwise support it. There is no assurance or
guarantee that those third-parties will complete their work, properly carry out their obligations, or
otherwise meet anyone’s needs, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Verasity
Platform.
8.3.

Insufficient interest in the Verasity Platform and Tokens

It is possible that the Verasity Platform or Tokens will not be used by a large number of individuals,
businesses and organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the creation and
development of its functionalities. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of the
Verasity Platform.
8.4.

Verasity Platform development risks

The development of the Verasity Platform and/or Verasity Blockchain may be abandoned for a
number of reasons, including lack of interest from the public, insufficient funding, insufficient
commercial success or prospects or departure of key personnel.
8.5.

Changes to Verasity Platform

The Verasity Platform is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time.
Although the Token Generator and Verasity intend for the Verasity Platform to have the features
and specifications set forth in the White Paper, changes to such features and specifications may be
made for any number of reasons, any of which may mean that the Verasity Platform does not meet
expectations of the Purchaser.
8.6.

Other projects

49

The Platform may give rise to other, alternative projects, promoted by parties that are affiliated or
unaffiliated with the Token Generator and Verasity, and such projects may provide no benefit to the
Verasity Platform.
8.7.

Disclosures relating to conflicts of interest

Any of the Token Generator and Verasity may be engaged in transactions with related parties and
conflicts of interest may arise, potentially resulting in the conclusion of transactions on terms not
determined by market forces.
9.

TOKEN PURCHASES

Purchases of Tokens should be undertaken only by individuals, entities, or companies that have
significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies of cryptographic tokens,
including Ether, and blockchain based software systems. Purchaser should have a functional
understanding of storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens.
While the Token Generator will be available to assist purchasers of Tokens during the sale, the Token
Generator will not be responsible in any way for loss of BTC, ETH or Tokens resulting from actions
taken by, or omitted by purchasers. If you do not have such experience or expertise, then you should
not purchase Tokens or participate in the sale of Tokens. Cryptographic tokens such as Tokens are a
new and untested technology. In addition to the risks included above, there are other risks
associated with your purchase, possession and use of Tokens, including unanticipated risks. Such
risks may further materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks discussed
above.

Definitions
Creator: An individual, Corporate Video Publisher or Broadcaster who creates or owns video content
to share on their own online video channel to generate both views and revenue from their audience.
In this document Creator and Publisher are used interchangeably
CDN: Content Distribution Network, or a distributed network of servers that consumers connect to
in order to receive video. The servers are normally positioned close to the end user and are normally
deployed at scale to provide higher quality video experiences
Digital Wallets: Desktop Application wallet and Web wallet with an API into Player, both used to
hold VERA
Economy: Verasity ecosystem in which Vera, the Verasity token, is utilized for transactions
Management: Core team listed in this White paper
OVP: Online Video Platform including uploader, player and CDN network
Publisher: A company that distributes video content across multiple channels and mediums to
maximize both views and revenue from their audience. Typically works with multiple creators who
contribute to their content library
Platform: The combined suite of technology and products that power the Verasity Video Rewarded
Module and online video platform and components
Proof of View (PoV™): Proof of View implementation on the Blockchain and patent pending as
further described in the “Proof of View” section below
Verasity Foundation: Verasity Foundation Company Limited, a Cayman Islands foundation company
registered under the Cayman Islands Foundation Companies Law, 2017, which has been
incorporated to support the Verasity Economy and Platform as per this white paper
50

VeraPlayer: Video Player, Uploader, CDN and components that make up the online video platform, a
technology licensed by Verasity and to be made available to the Verasity community and economy.
This technology is already operating and available for implementation
VeraWallet: Web based token wallet designed to allow VRA holders to top up their accounts, stake
VRA or withdraw VRA to other wallets
VRA: A cryptographically secured digital utility token which will be created and used within the
Verasity Video Sharing Ecosystem and Economy and verified on the Verasity Blockchain
Verasity: VRATech Pte Ltd, incorporated in Singapore 3rd May, 2018, Company number 201814961N

51

