WHITEPAPER

www.veros.org

CONTENTS
I. INTRODUCTION

3

II. BLOCKCHAIN

4

What is blockchain?

4

Growth of distributed ledger technology

5

III. ARCHITECTURE AND DEVELOPMENT

6

Design

6

Benefits

7

Technical Motivation

8

IV. VEROS KEY FEATURES

9

VEROS Consultancy

9

Active development

9

VEROSAffiliateNetwork

9

Blockchain explorer

10

VEROS Wallet

10

Eco-life

11

Scalability

11

Initial Distribution

12

AffiliateNetworkDistribution 









13

Stack Unlock Process

14

Staking process

16

VI. COSS (CRYPTO-ONE-STOP-SOLUTION)

17

VI. TRANSACTION COST

19

2

www.veros.org

I. Introduction
A cryptocurrency is a medium of exchange, which makes use of cryptography to secure
transactions and to control creation of additional currency units. The development of
cryptocurrency has been actively growing in the past decade, thus offering a broad range of
transactional possibilities for both users and organizations.
Our aim to become the first stable digital currency whereby the distribution and value of
the currency is not controlled solely by the miners, but also the community has a vital role
in this. Our purpose is to empower it through an Affiliate Marketing Channel, topping up
projects with VEROS. The VEROS Community aims to inspire, be inspired, to educate and to
support its members.
VEROS is a cryptocurrency that has the nomination VEROS and has 8 digits after the decimal
point (for example 0.12345678 VEROS). VEROS is only an initial project which will continue
to evolve by adding new and innovative modules which in the end will define a Crypto-OneStop-Solution (COSS).
VEROS provides a use case for storing and processing digital transactions in a secure and
transparent way. Our system is based on the Ethereum blockchain application platform
and follows the cryptocurrency standards offered by Ethereum at the deployment moment:
Proof-of-Work (PoW).
The Ethereum blockchain’s smart-contracts are used to validate and protect certain rules
regarding the distribution, freezing and ownership of coins. These contracts are enforced
by the Ethereum network and cannot be invalidated or changed by the company nor by the
users.

3

www.veros.org

II. Blockchain
W H AT I S B L O C K C H A I N ?
A blockchain is a distributed database, which makes the creation of a digital ledger of
transactions and share it among a distributed network of computers possible. It uses
cryptography to allow each participant on the network to manipulate the ledger in a secure
way without the need for a central authority. It maintains a continuously-growing list of
records (blocks), each containing a timestamps and a link to the previous one.
VEROS is built and available on a blockchain and is accessible as a DApp (Distribuited
Application). The main reason for using blockchain technology in the development of
VEROS is to provide a decentralized infrastructure that is stable and secure for all the
involving parties.
The main advantages of solutions built on blockchain technologies are:
1. Trustless exchange:
Two parties are able to make an exchange without the oversight or intermediation of a
third party, strongly reducing, or even eliminating, counterparty risk.
2. Empowered users:
Users are in control of all their information and transactions.
3. Durability, reliability, and longevity:
Thanks to the decentralized networks, blockchain does not have a central point of failure
and is better able to withstand malicious attacks.
4. Transparency and immutability:
Changes to public blockchains are viewable by all parties creating transparency, and all
transactions are immutable, meaning they cannot be altered or deleted.

4

www.veros.org

GROWTH OF DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECHNOLOGY
A distributed ledger represents a consensus of replicated, shared and synchronized
digital data, geographically spread across multiple sites, countries and/or institutions. The
efficiency of distributed ledger derives from the immediate reflection of changes made by
any participant towards all copies of the ledger. The full potential of distributed ledgers is
attained at the moment when other applications are layered on top of them (e.g. smart
contracts).
Smart contracts represent contracts whose terms are recorded in a computer language;
they can be automatically processed by computer systems. It is economically viable to form
these contracts, as there are low contracting, enforcements and compliance costs.
At the moment, the distributed ledger technology is still at the beginning and the blockchain
represents one of the very first implementations that make use of it. The predictions
regarding its development are positive. A large number of experts are pointing out that the
blockchain technology will revolutionize the way individuals are using emerging technology.
Large banks and governmental institutions are working to implement blockchain
applications in order to provide more secure and trustworthy services to their customers.
As the blockchain technology hits mainstream, there are numerous cryptocurrencies that
appear each year, all of them competiting for the same market. VEROS isn’t going to be just
another digital currency, as it’s own philosophy is to create a markershare around it’s core
initial users.
In the chart below you can see how fragmented the cryuptocurrency market is:

5

www.veros.org

III. Architecture and development
DESIGN
VEROS is built on Ethereum, a blockchain-based distributed computing platform that runs
smart contracts.
By using Ethereum as the abstract foundational layer, we are able to implement all
the features and rules on VEROS directly into smart contracts, which are deployed and
processed by the entire network. By using the entire Ethereum infrastructure with the
purpose of validating transactions and adding new blocks to the blockchain, we minimize
any possible attack on the coin.
On top of Ethereum, we have built the services using Geth (Go-Ethereum - https://github.
com/ethereum/go-ethereum). Geth is a multipurpose command line tool that runs a full
Ethereum node implemented in Go. By installing Geth, one can take part in the Ethereum
live network and mine real ether, transfer funds, create contracts and send transactions,
explore block history etc. The Geth is running on a proprietary Linux server with no RPC/
HTTP open ports. The communication, which involves the Geth, is managed through the
Node.js intermediary application and the Ethereum network.
The applications connecting to the Ethereum blockchain are built on Truffle (https://github.
com/ConsenSys/truffle). Truffle is a development environment, testing framework and
asset pipeline for Ethereum. We use Ethereum Truffle for:
- Built-in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management
- Configurable build pipeline with support for custom build processes.
- Network management for deploying to many public & private networks
The communication between the Ethereum blockchain and the web-applications is
managed using the Web3.js framework https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/). Web3.js is
the Ethereum compatible JavaScript API, which implements the Generic JSON RPC spec.
The communication layer between GETH and the front-end application is implemented
using Node.js, which uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that allows it to manage
communications between the users and VEROS. The Node.js application is communicating
with GETH through IPCs (Internal Procedure Calls). The Node.js application is sharing the
same server with Geth.
Communication with the Ethereum node is done through the JSON RPC API. JSON-RPC is
a stateless, light-weight Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol. Primarily this specification
defines several data structures and the rules around their processing. It is transport
agnostic in that the concepts can be used within the same process, over sockets, over HTTP,

6

www.veros.org

or in many various message passing environments. It uses the JSON (RFC 4627) as data
format.
The frontend application is implemented using the AngularJS framework (https://github.
com/angular/angular-seed/wiki). This application is located on a different server and
communicates with the Intermediate Layer using Web Sockets and a REST API.

BENEFITS
The main benefit of VEROS is offering access to individuals, which are not linked to any
banking services, thus enabling them to use financial services for their daily transactional
processes. VEROS has the main advantage of offering the possibility of transitioning online
and offline and exchanging VEROS into FIAT money in a simplified manner.
The blockchain technology enables the user to transfer funds in a fast and easy manner,
which excludes third-party actors, unlike the traditional banking systems.

7

www.veros.org

T E C H N I C A L M O T I VAT I O N
Ethereum is a public blockchain-based distributed computing platform, featuring smart
contract functionality. It provides a decentralized virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual
Machine (EVM), which can execute peer-to-peer contracts using a cryptocurrency called
Ether.
We see three main approaches for building advanced applications on top of cryptocurrency:
- building a new blockchain.
- using scripting on top of Bitcoin.
- building a meta-protocol on top of Bitcoin.

Building a new blockchain allows unlimited freedom in building a feature set. Still, there is a
considerable security risk with new blockchains; for example, if there aren’t enough miners
in the very beginning, the network is vulnerable to a 50%+1 attack.

8

www.veros.org

IV. VEROS Key features
V E R O S C O N S U LTA N C Y
The team behind VEROS is an innovative technology company based in Singapore. Most of
the application development is implemented in Europe with experienced consultants and
experts located worldwide.
Our purpose is to provide a comprehensive eco-system built around the cryptocurrency
featuring multi-platform wallets, integration with exchanges, etc.

ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT
The COSS (Crypto-One-Stop-Solution) encompases all features available in a digital
economical system based on the cryptocurrency. The system unifies all transactional
aspects that are usually managed using FIAT money and offers solutions for exchanges,
payrolls, wallets, acquisitions and transactions.

V E R O S A F F I L I AT E N E T W O R K
The majority of VEROS will be distributed through affiliate systems, where members will be
rewarded coins for bringing merchants on board to accept VEROS for payments.
All affiliates rewarded VEROS will follow a programmed release contract in which each
payment will be processed to the members wallet over a period of 25 weeks. The members
will receive 1/25 of the full payment they are entitled on a weekly bases.
The total supply of VEROS are divided into equally sized stacks, and a new stack can only
become available for distribution when a minimum of 80% of the previous stack has been
scheduled for transfer to it’s affiliate members. This is made in order to prevent any pump
and dump strategy and/or flooding of the market.
Additionally, the VEROS distribution plan involves a best case scenario that limits the speed
of release. The best case scenario is achieved when the total amount of VEROS that are
added to the distribution schedule this week are:
- 20 million during the first week.
- 20 million + 10 million for every week passed since genesis. Thus, best-case
scenario will increse by 10 million each week.
When the best-case scenario is reached, no new stacks will be released on the current
week, even if the previous stack is already more then 80% consumed.

9

www.veros.org

The company is already working on an extensive white paper to create a Crypto-OneStop-Solution (COSS) for new markets. This project will be rolled out starting Q1 2017 and
released in stages, as the different parts of the platform are ready and tested. The platform
will consist of (but not limited to) multiple functionalities built to make cryptocurrencies
more accessible to the masses for different purposes: collection of wallets and exchange
for multiple cryptocurrencies, merchant platform where businesses can plug-in through
APIs to list, market and sell their products by accepting cryptocurrencies (of their choice)
as payments, payment solutions including online POS systems for easier acceptance and
conversion of cryptocurrencies.
The white paper is currently in development and more functions will be added as the
product evolves.

BLOCKCHAIN EXPLORER
The blockchain explorer is a web-based tool that can be found at https://explorer.veros.
org. It allows any user to view the balance of a VEROS wallet. The application is accessible
without authentication and provides network statistical data such as:
- The total amount of veros in circulation at a given time (the coins in wallets that
aren’t freezed).
- The transactional volume available for different time slots (the last hour, 24 hours,
7 days, one month).
- The number of blocks, of wallets, etc.
- Price of the VEROS on various exchanges.

The VEROS explorer offers REST API for integration with 3rd party systems that want to
display real-time information for the VEROS network. The documentation for the API is
publicly accessible at: https://explorer.veros.org/api-docs.

V E R O S WA L L E T
The VEROS Wallet is a cross-platform wallet, enabling users to store VEROS.
For the VEROS, the wallet provides the following functionalities:
- Generate a new address on the blockchain network.
- View VEROS balance and send transactions to other wallets.
- View transactions, pending releases.
- View and create staking deposits.
- Create payment request and display them as QR codes.
- Scan QR codes to send VEROS payment.

10

www.veros.org

ECO-LIFE
As the system continues to develop, we predict, based on the expected number of
application users, that there will be a balance between the supply and demand for VEROS,
which will ultimately lead to an increase in its value.
VEROS has all the prerequisites to be a viable replacement for FIAT money, allowing millions
of unbanked individuals to gain access to easier ways of paying, while providing them the
same opportunities as banked persons. This is the key feature that will allow VEROS to be
reused continuously, thus forming a transactional eco-system.
VEROS will offer access to both online and offline transaction for services and goods to the
wallet owners. We foresee that this will solve challenges in many industries like:
- Gaming: Online gaming is a continuously expanding industry but many passionate
gamers find it difficult to upload funds in in various gaming platforms. VEROS is the solution
and we foresee the demand for this cryptocurrency in this field.
- Real Estate: A great number of real estate developers are searching for simplified
ways for them to accept payments for their real estate, especially from overseas investors.
VEROS represents a secure and viable alternative with the potential to create increased
revenues for the developers.
- eCommerce/Merchant Platforms represent one of the greatest tools to get a
public community feedback. With an increased number of merchants that accept VEROS
the greater demand will be for it, resulting in its increased value.
- ATMs are a fast and easy method of exchanging from FIAT to cryptocurrency or
the other way around and are one of the main bridges between the cryptocurrency world
and the FIAT money world.
- Public Cryptocurrency exchanges offer the opportunity to exchange various
cryptocurrencies (VEROS, Bitcoin etc.) or into FIAT money.

SCALABILITY
Being a cryptocurrency that uses a distributed ledger technology, VEROS ecosystem is a
scalable one. Its growth is only controlled by the amount of VEROS in circulation at a certain
point in time and the number of transactions/reuses of the coin which are taking place.
The total supply is 10,000,000,000 VEROS (10 billion units).
The VEROS are issued in stacks of 100,000,000 VEROS (100 million units).
In total, there will be 100 stacks.
Since VEROS doesn’t use mining for creating new cryptocurrency units, the initial digital
currency will be distribuited using an Affiliate Marketing platform that follows rules writted
in the Ethereum smart-contract.

11

www.veros.org

INITIAL DISTRIBUTION
The Genesis Wallet (or Master Wallet) will hold all the initial 100 stacks. During the
publication of the smart-contract to the Ethereum network, the initial distribution plan will
occur.

The Genesis Wallet (or Master Wallet) will transfer a total number of 4 stacks to a number of
special wallets:
- 1 stack will be sent to the Stakeholder Wallet, which is locked for three years in
order to not flood the market with VEROS.
- 1 stack will be released to a Investor Wallet.
- 1 stack will be sent to the Staking wallet in order to have enough funds t provide
the users which have deposits with their daily interest.

12

www.veros.org

A F F I L I AT E N E T W O R K D I S T R I B U T I O N
VEROS is distributed through an affiliate network using the rules that are written in the
Ethereum contracts.
The affiliate distribution plan is detailed below:
- Payment scheduled transactions are signed using the Main Wallet key which is
controller by the Affiliate Network Distribution company. The only transaction that the Main
Wallet can do is to add scheduled payments. Normal VEROS transfer from this wallet are
not possible (wallet is permanently locked).
- Packages are distributed to the user over a period of 25 weeks starting with the
date his wallet was added to the affiliate network distribution schedule. The user will
receive his VEROS.
- After a payment scheduled has been commited, there is no method to stop it, to
delay it, or to change the receiver of the VEROS.

13

www.veros.org

S TA C K U N L O C K P R O C E S S
The VEROS network is composed of 100 stacks of 100,000,000 VEROS each. At the beggining
of the contract, the Genesis Wallet contains 100 stacks, of which 4 are transffered to certain
special wallets.
As the Affiliate Network Distribution evolves over time and the Main Wallet balance is
consumed, more stacks are released from the Genesis Wallet to the Main Wallet.
There are 2 rules for releasing stacks from the Genesis Wallet to the Main Wallet:
- Balance of Main Wallet is less then 20% of a full stack (less then 20,000,000 VEROS)
- Even if the Main Wallet balance is less then 20%, the “best case” scenario could
stop the stack release trigger. The “best case” scenario states that the total scheduled
distribution added in the current week should be more then the value added in the
previous week plus 10 million. As an example, the “best case” scenario is: 20 million VEROS
for frst week, 30 million VEROS for second week, 40 million VEROS for 3rd week, etc.
The stack unlocking contract is detailed below:

14

www.veros.org

S TA K I N G P R O C E S S
VEROS users can opt for staking. Depending on the value of their deposits, they will get a
variable interest. The fixed deposits are set for 3/6/12 months and the interest is returned
daily.
When a user decides to get a fixed deposit, he will send their VEROS to the staking wallet,
which is a smart wallet that sets the amount of interest automatically (based on the VEROS
amount). The Staking Wallet is filled during the Genesis with an amount of 100 million
VEROS. This wallet is re-financed every time the amount drops under 10% of the initial
value.

15

www.veros.org

The staking interest is calculated based on the amount of VEROS sent to staking. The
staking interest is paid on a daily basis.
The interest is calculated as in the table below:

The user can cancel the staking deposit at any time, receiving no penalty if the plan doesn’t
have a fixed period (3/6/12 months).
If the user selects a fixed period staking plan (3/6/12 months) and later decides to cancel
the plan before the due-date, he will be penalized with the full interest paid on that deposit
plus a 10% from the staked value.
After the staking plan is finished (3/6/12 months), the deposit will continue as a normal
interest without a fixed period.

16

www.veros.org

V. COSS

The cryptocurrency VEROS has been developed as part of the COSS project to fuel the
portal and at the same time create a demand for VEROS in the market.
COSS PTE LTD is short for Crypto One Stop Solution. Vision for COSS is to bring
Cryptocurrency to the masses and prepare a One Stop Solution where they can have
everything service they need supplied.
The affiliates will be rewarded VEROS when they bring onboard merchants and other users/
affiliates to the COSS portal.
All fee’s on the COSS portal have to be paid with VEROS.
The COSS platform will consist of the following services (but not limited to)
- An archive list (similar to coinmarketcap) of all available/tradeable crypto
currencies.
- Market cap, trading volume and info about all these crypto currencies.
- Option to download/install wallets for all these crypto currencies.
- Exchange where these crypto currencies can apply to be listed.
- A payment solution with offer to accept payments in crypto currencies where
direct settlement will be offered for highly tradable coins, and coin settlements for those
with low volume.
- API solution to plugin web shops and products and thereby start accepting crypto
currencies as payments.
- Featured product show/display for merchants with direct link to basket/checkout
and payment with crypto currency.
Stage 1 of the COSS project is estimated to go live in Q1 2017 with limited offering from the
above. The rollout plan will then see added features quarterly over the coming years.
Stage one or Priority one have to be a platform for merchants and a focal point for
delivering the demand side of the VEROS.
The COSS project is fully funded will not at present time seek any external funding.
The real monetization of COSS will come from portal fee’s through payments in VEROS.
This is also estimated to create a huge demand for VEROS in the open market which again
will reward the affiliates and again make them eager to further grow the portal together

17

www.veros.org

POTENTIAL ADDITIONAL SERVICES:
Smart contracts as a service: By COSS offering crowdfunding, peer to peer funding
etc agreements has to be made between people regardless of location, so by offering
standardized templates for contracts to be signed on the blockchain against a fee paid in
VEROS.
Incorporations made easy: By COSS offering funding solutions etc to startups and ideas,
these ideas need to be formalized into companies. COSS will then offer an easy way to
incorporate companies in different jurisdictions. Payment for incorporation will be done in
VEROS again bringing further usage of the COSS platform and higher demand for VEROS.
CROSSBORDER TRANSACTIONS/Remittance: By implementing this into COSS we will again
increase the usage of the COSS portal, increasing the demand for VEROS.

18

www.veros.org

VI. Transaction cost
By using the Ethereum blockchain, every contract and transaction that change the
network’s state (for which a new block needs to be mined) need Gas in order to be
executed by the system. Gas is the internal pricing for running a transaction/contract using
Ethereum. In a simplified manner, it represents the cost of getting your Ethereum message/
transaction executed as fast as possible. Because every transaction published into the
blockchain imposes on the network the cost of needing to download and verify it, there is
some need for regulatory mechanism to prevent abusive use.
We do not expect our users to have Gas in order to make transactions with VEROS, so
we will handle the transaction fees out of a special Ethereum wallet. As the Ethereum
network does not allow for a different address than the one making the transfer to pay
the transaction fee, we will transfer 1 ETH to the user that makes the transfer and will
recover the difference between the transaction cost and 1 ETH after the transaction takes
place. This wallet will be filled by the stakeholders with Ether and all transactions that are
processed in the system will use the ETH there as Gas.
There is also a transaction cost in veros. All transactions between users will have a 0.03
VEROS transfer fee for using the network. The VEROS transaction cost are sent to a central
VEROS wallet that is controller by the company and is used to pay Ethereum gas as well as
provide prizes and rewards for the community that helps expand the VEROS network.

19

