(insurepal)

Whitepaper

If your friends trust you,
we trust you.

PREFACE
This white paper describes the idea of our social proof blockchain platform, its business model,
and the rationale behind. At the time of creation, we named it InsurePal and successfully
concluded the ICO in January 2018, when the InsurePal (IPL) token was released as well.
Soon afterward we realized, that our social proof concept could not and should not be limited
only to insurtech. We were in need of a name that best reflects what we’re all about, what
are our mission and long-term vision, with social proof as the centerpiece. That is why we
decided to rebrand to VouchForMe in the middle of 2018. The name focuses on what we
have intended from the start: building a great social proof platform suitable for numerous
industries. Brand InsurePal may and will still be in use in the future for insurance industry only.
The white paper is part of our history, and we decided not to edit any of the contents and
leave it as it was on the day of the ICO, January 16, 2018. The only change is the name:
InsurePal has grown to VouchForMe.

TO OUR FELLOW SUPPORTERS

InsurePal itself is not a
licensed insurance provider.
Any insurance activity will
be done in cooperation
with the licensed insurer
on local markets. The
company is building a global
blockchain-based platform,
enabling social proofing to be
conducted in numerous ways
across different industries.

We strongly believe that decentralized trust will unlock a decentralized future. We are entering the next phase of the internet with many blockchains reshaping traditional economic
models to become largely self-regulating. Thus, the need for a centralized institution is becoming redundant. In this aspect, InsurePal challenges the insurance industry of today with a
decentralized, self-regulating social proof insurance platform with perhaps the most innovative model of risk selection.
Today, every segment of insurance is ultra-competitive with entrepreneurs exploring new
ways to price risk, creating new types of premiums and servicing consumers in a tightly regulated and challenging economy. Competitive advantage revolves around the ability to adapt
in an ever-changing environment and demanding customer expectations. With more than
15 years of experience in insurance, we have had the opportunity to witness, explore and
thoroughly question the current business model. We have learned by doing. Realising that
regardless of restrictions and rigorous supervision, insurance fails to provide a transparent
and fair pricing model with good risks subsidizing poor risks.
Over the last two years, our team has tested and refined the opportunity behind the InsurePal platform by taking into account both, our own experience from processing huge amount
of policies and claims and the advice from underwriting specialists. The thing that makes
InsurePal fundamentally different is the complete switch in paradigm. Rather than insurance
companies accommodating irresponsible clients and having expensive administration, we
are growing a community of more responsible and diligent individuals who share a common
value of reciprocity. Our agile, self-regulating insurance platform will help them connect and
conclude mutual insurance, consequently making sure they stop paying for irresponsible individuals.
InsurePal is motivated by a psychological phenomenon known as “social proof” which is a natural, in-built mechanism within all of us, representing people’s moral compass. The process
will leave little or no room for fraud and recklessness as InsurePal is set to reward, motivate
and grow behavioral patterns that not only benefit oneself, but stimulate groups and society
as a whole. We think of blockchain as an ideal architecture for our innovation. Its implementation has a long-term horizon to fundamentally simplify the business processes as we know
today and build a highly customer-centric product that is designed for the benefit of each
individual and not for the profits of the insurance companies. Blockchain technology makes
it possible to get rid of all redundant articles in a transparent way and support a growth of
peer-to-peer self-regulating community, thus committing InsurePal to delivering the cheapest
affordable insurance to responsible and diligent individuals.
In addition to innovations in the already known segments of insurance (motor, life & health,
property), InsurePal also intervenes in the completely new area, namely, securing blockchain
business transactions. By ensuring the financial compensation of an unrealized deal to the
injured party we will establish the trust among all the stakeholders and greatly accelerate
the quality and quantity of all future blockchain business transactions. Considering all of this,
we believe now is the best time for a new insurance player to further investigate blockchain
and offer a revolutionizing solution on InsurePal platform that will fully harness the innovative power of blockchain technology. InsurePal is nearing our ambitious goal and coming to
life. By introducing the first social proof insurance on blockchain we are ready to disrupt the
insurance market worth $7 trillion globally. We invite you to join us in a venture in what is to
become a new insurance model of the next generation.

Sincerely,
Matt Peterman			

3

Tom Volk

Distributed social proof insurance

Opportunity

PROJECT OVERVIEW
InsurePal is a self-regulating, social proof insurance platform based on social proofing
and decentralization. To protect the intellectual property behind InsurePal, a worldwide
patent has been filed, giving then InsurePal platform a unique opportunity to become
“the go to” platform for insurance based on social-proof.

“A patented solution gives InsurePal an unique competitive advantage. All the third-parties that would want to adopt the social proof methodology will be obliged to use InsurePal platform solution, as any other form of use can be considered an infringement.“
The introduction of social proof as a self-regulating psychological phenomenon allows
InsurePal to nurture a scheme of lower-risk individuals, consequently decreasing their
premiums by up to 50%, whilst fully harnessing the power of blockchain technology. Having the ability to offer an attractive end-to-end product for an incomparably lower price
is our guarantee for success, as well as a proven solution that will attract only the diligent
and responsible into our business model.
Every day, the blockchain wave is gathering strength. With more and more concrete initiatives, either alone or in association with their peers, business partners, clients or suppliers, it gives foundations to a birth of a booming new economy in the years to come.
The new golden era will begin as soon as the trust between parties doing business on
blockchain is established on an adequate level.
InsurePal model improves the segmentation and risk selection process; a decades-lasting issue for insurance companies and insurance clients alike and most importantly, enhances the trust that flows horizontally among peers, friends, colleagues and business
partners. The most suitable expression for InsurePal using insurance terminology would
be “a third-party deductible”. It is proven that a classic deductible reduces insurance
claims frequency due to the clients’ imposed self-evaluation. From this fact InsurePal
proceeded when re-inventing an InsurePal third-party deductible into a third-party evaluation with introducing social proof. By doing so, InsurePal managed to objectivize the
evaluation process itself.

“InsurePal will replace the insurers’ model as we know it today, and at the same time
offer a completely new type of coverage for areas of life and business that began to
emerge with the evolution of blockchain and the transactions being carried out on the
distributed ledger “
To customers, the key motivator to use InsurePal is a significant cost reduction. Namely,
the core mechanism behind the platform enables InsurePal clients to endorse each other in order to obtain a discount on their insurance premium. The endorsement has to be
backed by a financial guarantee from the endorser which is only taken in case the insurer
files an at fault claim. The InsurePal platform enables the social proof of an individual to
be locked into the blockchain in order to secure higher transparency without aggressively invading privacy. Due to this innovative approach, InsurePal will expand peer-to-peer
risk managed operations and become the customer’s first choice, consequently making
it available in a wide range of different types of insurance products.

5

Distributed social proof insurance

Moreover, with a module for blockchain-made agreements, InsurePal will assure a final
compensation to the insured client in case the other party breaches the mutually set
arrangement, namely when the agreed service is not performed within the set deadline, quality and other conditions stated in the smart contract. It too will use the basic
principle of social proof, meaning that the compensation will partly be covered by the insurance company and partly by the endorsers, putting social pressure on all the signing
parties and quickly eliminating those that violate the terms. The embedded seriousness
of such an agreement will guarantee the transactions between the parties are being
carried out with the utmost responsibility. Significantly better segmentation and incentives to change behavior guarantee a marked reduction in insurance premiums, leading
to the insurance to become widely acceptable for the majority of blockchain business
transactions.
The growing value of InsurePal social proof insurance will reflect in the increasing market value of InsurePal (hereinafter IPL) tokens. The adaptation of InsurePal policies will
trigger a wider circulation and utilisation of the IPL token, with the aim to become the
prevailing currency of global social proof insurance economy. It is our belief that other
segments of the fiat economy, closely linked to the insurance industry, will consequently
start accepting IPL tokens as a currency, serving as an additional boost of an IPL utility
token economy.
The total amount of issued IPL tokens will be limited and fixed, with a security mechanism of token split and/or token denomination added to efficiently support expected
price growth in the future. We are cognizant that the adoption of the tokens by the mass
markets is an evolutionary process, therefore InsurePal will gradually progress to a fully
tokenized operation. It is our goal that the IPL utility token becomes the currency of the
InsurePal community that will operate as an alternative economy based on a patented
social-proof business model. As such, it will noticeably disrupt the $7 trillion worldwide
insurance industry of today and significantly improve the blockchain business transactions of tomorrow.
For that, we invite you to get fully acquainted with social proof as the core mechanism
behind our business model and learn more about the InsurePal token utilization. We are
firmly convinced of the scalability and potential for it to become a first-of-a-kind social
proof insurance platform with a global ambition.

6

Distributed social proof insurance

MISSION STATEMENT
InsurePal itself is not a
licensed insurance provider.
Any insurance activity will
be done in cooperation
with the licensed insurer
on local markets. The
company is building a global
blockchain-based platform,
enabling social proofing to be
conducted in numerous ways
across different industries.

InsurePal aims to become a first-of-a-kind blockchain-based decentralised insurance
platform powered by social proof guarantee. We’re dedicated to build a modern insurance product that reflects the historical roots of insurance, where a smaller group of
acquaintances agreed on a mutual method of sharing the burden of risk based on trust.
We wish to return insurance back to its core value of trust and consequently expand
the mindset of mutual reciprocity. As InsurePal model is self-regulating and therefore
ideal for blockchain implementation, we’re decided to not only address the insurance
challenges of today, but encroach upon those niche segments which don’t yet exist but
will be crucial in the years to come. Doing so, we tend to deepen the community’s confidence in blockchain transactions and operations, and thus strengthening the growth
and expansion of an emerging distributed economy.

VISION
Our vision is to craft an insurance premium based on one’s social endorsements by
rewarding diligence. We’re growing a community that shares the common value of reciprocity and thus creating a shift, not just in insurance industry, but also in a broader
society. InsurePal can and will self-regulate without the need of an industry-funded regulatory body, continuously allowing us to create attractive end-to-end insurance solutions,
addressing both, the challenges of today and those of tomorrow.

I can save $400
with InsurePal

USER CASE 1
John is a safe driver
He pays $1000/year for car insurance

INSUREPAL FOR MOTOR CAR INDUSTRY
John asks his friend
Mary to endorse him and
help him lower his
premium via InsurePal

John is a responsible, diligent driver who hasn’t had an accident in years. But, the price of John`s insurance is $1000 per year. He feels bad for overpaying for
his mandatory car insurance. He finds out about InsurePal insurance, which offers him an upfront saving of $400 on his car insurance. Everything he needs to
do is to find an endorser who will guarantee for his good driving record. He immediately thinks of his friend Mary and sends her an invite, whilst also explaining
her the idea behind the new insurance. Mary guarantees for John with a credit card and immediately receives an upfront reward $100 worth of IPL tokens.
This token transaction also contains the social proof information. When Mary enters her credit card data, she exposes herself to a potential payment of $550
($400 of John’s savings, $100 of her cash-back bonus and $50 of penalties). It is important to note that Mary’s credit card will only be charged in case John
files an at fault claim within the next year. In other words, if there is no claim, John paid only $600 for his insurance and Mary got $100 of IPL tokens, which
she can sell on an exchange and spend or keep as an investment. John can find more endorser to further reduce his insurance price and at the same time
promote InsurePal, helping the product to grow virally. And because John understands the benefits of InsurePal, he will also be willing to endorse Mary who
is safe driver as well, when her car insurance policy will be due.

7

Distributed social proof insurance

USER CASE 2
INSUREPAL FOR BLOCKCHAIN BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
ARBITRAGE

Andrew and Susan want to make a business transaction,
but don't completely trust each other.

If their business arrangement doesn't
happen in due time and leads to a more
challenging dispute, they begin with an
arbitrage.
The arbitrage determines who
breached the contract and sets the
amount of penalties for InsurePal to
cover.

They sign a smart contract defining breaching penalty,
arbitrage body and arrangement’s due date and insure
their business transaction with InsurePal.

The compensation is paid even if
Susan's or Andrew's identity remains
anonymous or is false.

Andrew and Susan share the same interests, but live on the other side of the world. They want to make a business transaction to exchange goods, but don’t
know and trust each other well enough. InsurePal blockchain business transactions module allows them to craft an upfront agreement in which they specify
important terms and conditions of their transaction. They both have to agree upon a maximum penalty for contract breaching and define a due date after
which the appeal between the parties is no longer possible. In case of dispute, the parties first try to settle it among themselves and if that is not possible,
opt for an arbitrage. Even more, every time a transaction is completed, each of their endorsers` (eg. each note) is rated. Based on their (un)trusted behaviour,
Social Proof Trustscore is calculated and presented to other participating endorsers, serving as an important factor of trust for all of one’s upcoming blockchain-made arrangements. By enhancing trust and ensuring the financial compensation for breached contracts InsurePal greatly supports the execution of
blind business transactions on blockchain. On one hand, the model keeps insurance premiums as low as not to cause any friction. On the other, the insurance
enhances the execution of all those transactions that would otherwise need to go through the complex process of identity verification in order to establish
a level of trust.

$200

Recursive/Transitive Deductible

$100

InsurePal itself is not a
licensed insurance provider.

$500

Any insurance activity will
be done in cooperation
with the licensed insurer
on local markets. The
company is building a global

$100
$300

PREMIUM

$150

$99,00
COVERAGE

$10.000,00

4
$50

conducted in numerous ways
across different industries.

7

$200
$100

$200

$200

$100

3
2

6

$100

1

blockchain-based platform,
enabling social proofing to be

$200

5

8

$100

In the case above, InsurePal provides insurance coverage to Andrew making business transaction with Susan. If their contract is breached, InsurePal pays the
penalty to John partly from InsurePal insurance pool and partly by collecting deductibles from his endorsers. Due to their direct engagement with Andrew,
his friends Emma, Ann and Frank (nodes 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively) pay more, whereas the others (nodes from 5 to 8 and up) pay less, accordingly. The data
of their transactions is also collected in order to calculate Social Proof Trustscore of each (directly and indirectly) participating endorser. Their exposure and
the collection of the deductibles is governed by the InsurePal algorithm. The process can be compared to the co-signing loans with one major difference:
InsurePal model allows that all the endorsers (co-signers) receive a financial incentive. It is expected that due to their mutual social pressure the InsurePal
community in whole will behave more diligently, and hence the insurance premiums will be low enough to not cause any friction on the executing transactions.
Our model is applicable anywhere in the world due the imposed element of trust among the insurers and the endorsers. As such, it can easily penetrate into
the countries where insurance is extremely costly or into those where it doesn’t exist at all, with the assumption that diligent subgroups may appear anywhere.

8

Distributed social proof insurance

PROBLEM
ORGANIZATIONS’ BIGGEST OPPORTUNITIES IN THE NEXT 2 YEARS

What are your organization’s biggest opportunities in the next 2 years?

18%

48%

60%

26%

Changing consumer
needs

3%

Biometrics for claims management
and/or cyber security

Cost reduction initiatives
Customer data analytics to improve
underwriting, pricing and marketing

Improving operational processes
and the use of technology

52%

44%

26%
Better use of capital and
management of risk

6%
Wearables & the Internet of
Things (IoT) including telematics

Strengthening customer
loyality

18%
Digital technology and integration
into business objectives

Mergers & acquisitions
to improve market position and economies of scale

Source: A new world of opportunity

Poor risk management
Bad market segmentation
Invasion of privacy
Complex regulation
Expensive tracking methods
Extensive gross costs of corporate structure
Fraud detection & premium
leakage
Process and system innovations

The key struggle for insurance today remains segmentation and the question on how to
effectively distinguish clients to properly evaluate risk and prevent frauds and misstated
data. From the most sophisticated methods for tracking behavior to funding and installing expensive wearable devices, many insurance offerings try to become more present in
their customers’ live, however their struggle to raise the profitability centres on younger
drivers. Methods to further improve segmentation are often expensive, invasive and in
the end the risk evaluation precision is poor.
Due to this poor segmentation, responsible and diligent insurance clients have an unsatisfactory feeling that they are overpaying on account of those who behave irresponsibly.
This is even more true for mandatory insurance lines, where the perception of responsible and diligent insurance client is that they are forced to keep paying for others while
getting nothing in return except legal compliance.
Moreover, we have moved into a fully digitalized era, which is extremely innovative and
promotes new forms and ways of doing business, no matter the scale. As exceptionally
large institutions, insurance companies are engaged in their stiff bureaucracy and often
stay reluctant to the emerging needs of specific niche segments in a timely manner as
they are overly risky for their existing structure.

“Insurance is a $7.3 trillion stubbornly old-fashioned goliath that could significantly reduce the premium prices if its scheme would allow it to operate with lower-risk clients.”

9

Distributed social proof insurance

SUPPLY SIDE: INSURANCES
Insurance is a service to manage risk, representing a fundamental block of society. By its
nature, it is risk averse but at the same time, it represents a complex labor-based business model with a workforce increasing gross expenses. The traditional sector is run by
large networks with thousands of employees and the vast cost of daily operations and
binding contracts preventing them from agility. However, many of their activities are repetitive or redundant without creating value and could easily be replaced by automated
data-driven software and further by self-regulating peer-to-peer insurance models.

Insurance companies should be more concerned with timely anticipating solutions to
the challenges brought about by the new digital era, greatly marked by blockchain innovation. In this respect, a key factor is the element of trust, since it can preserve credibility and greatly enhance blockchain-based operations.
Continuing the theme, as insurers play a vital role in society and their proper function is
imperative, they are faced with strict capital regulations that demand having more capital
in reserve than would be needed should a catastrophic event take place. Out of concern
of navigating these complex requirements the traditional insurers lack the agility to embrace disruptive technologies and out-of-the-box approaches.
Many foreign markets that might provide strong growth potential can also be hard for
newcomers to break into due to various restrictions including foreign ownership and licenses. Insurance companies inability to establish a personal and periodical relationship
with the customers leaves an open door for competition and continues to reinforce their
negative perception.

DEMAND SIDE: CLIENTS
There has not yet been a clear shift in mindset for insurance providers who still fail to recognize they need to be customer-centric and that the customers today don`t come for
a specific product but for a solution to a specific risk they face. Not everyone who seeks
coverage against a particular loss faces the same probability of also suffering it. Usually
insures try to evaluate both, the risk and probable magnitude in order to determine the
appropriate premium level. The premium is then additionally increased with cover transaction costs, commissions and profit.
The insurance costs are determined through classification models that segment people
into groups sharing similar data, such as age, sex, marital status, residence, driving record etc. For each of these segments, a “one size fit all” model for all members is calculated, with no or little further differentiation. Clients experience this in tendency to year-toyear growth of their insurance policies price, no matter the size of their past claims and
history of lower-risk behavior.

“Insuring blockchain business transactions with InsurePal represents a tremendously
big future market and a huge opportunity for expansion.“

10

Distributed social proof insurance

MARKET
OVERVIEW
According to Forbes, the insurance sector is a $7.3 trillion business worldwide industry
that has somehow managed to remain largely untouched by technological change. A
close look to traditional insurance (e.g. motor line of business) company P&L tells that
for every premium dollar paid to the insurer, $0,65 comes back to policyholders in form
of exaggerated claims and misstated data, whereas the other goes to operational costs,
commissions and marketing. In other words, the insurance could reduce the price of the
policy if the scheme would allow it to operate with low-risk clients only.

4%

Non-investment profit

12%

Admin cost

HOW PREMIUM DOLLARS ARE SPENT
7%

Marketing

Source: Insurance: $7 Trillion Goliath. Forbes.

10%

Agent commissions

65%

Claims & claims adjustment

2%

Re-insurance fees

Consequently, new entrants, technologies and business models based on a shared economy are emerging at an increasingly rapid pace, leading to the projection of the decline
in the global insurance industry. As a solution, a shift to responsibility and ownership is
proposed to sustain the profitability and growth.

COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE
The biggest threats for the insurance industry come in the form of new entrants, introducing peer-to-peer business models and/or niche products based on innovative technology. Both of the approaches better-serve the increasingly digitized behaviors of modern consumers, generating more than 16 billion revenue in a few recent years.

Source: InsureTech

11

Distributed social proof insurance

“There are several factors influencing the decision on which insurance company one
chooses. It is not just a competitive price, but also versatility of coverage options, customer service, the element of technology and reporting that add to the mix.”

PEER-TO-PEER (P2P)
The concept of peer-to-peer insurance (P2P) is based on the premise that the responsible and diligent people overpay their premiums at the expense of others, non-responsible, fraudulent. Peer-to-peer insurance uses crowdsourcing and social networking to
create a shared insurance experience, getting together through social media, friends
and family members. The insurers form groups to team up and share each other’s risks
with everyone contributing money to insure each other’s losses. Usually at the end of
the year, the individuals with no claims receive a cashback or reduced premiums for the
next period.
For insurance the peer-to-peer concept brings lower customer acquisition costs as the
groups are formed through social networking and crowdsourcing, meaning the role of
the middlemen is not necessary. Even more, due the information exchange between
members, the insurance can effectively assume responsibility for the peer-to-peer
group’s risk selection. By leveraging social media and other networking technologies the
approach creates an insurance infrastructure at lower expense and builds an agile, customer-centric insurance. However, there is still a gap between the ideology of P2P insurance and its scaled execution, preventing the model to be adapted by a large majority.

“P2P insurance is a risk sharing network where a group of like-minded individuals pool
their premiums together to insure against a risk. The membership is selective, meaning
the group’s peer pressure reinforces responsibility and helps keeping losses down to
minimum.”

INSURTECH
Insurtech, a portmanteau of “insurance” and “technology”, are technology-led companies
that enter the insurance sector, using technology innovations in order to optimize the
traditional insurance model and create a more digitally savvy customer base. It explores
the avenues that large insurance companies have less incentive to exploit, from customized policies to using new streams of data from internet-enabled devices to dynamically
price premiums according to observed behavior. Interestingly, many insurtech companies do not own an insurance licence and rather address other components of the value
chain.
New insurances that usually don’t deal with the challenges of this highly regulated industry might face difficulties to handle underwriting and manage catastrophic risk. It is
a slow and gradual process to penetrate the market and become accepted while also
confronting different regulatory hurdles. A substantial knowledge of insurance industry,
consumer marketing, social networks and social marketing is needed in order to take full
advantage of the emerging technologies and at the same time creating a business model
to fit the masses. While insurtech firms have not yet made a noticeable breakthrough in
the sector, they are still growing fast and stand to win a noticeable market share in the
years to come.

12

Distributed social proof insurance

OPPORTUNITY
As stated in the PWC report, the most competitive insurance companies should explore
the technological improvements to better their services. However, at this point, 57% of
surveyed financial services industry personnel are unsure about or unlikely to respond
to blockchain technology. They lack the agility and knowledge to use blockchain innovation to succeed in peer-to-peer and mutual markets. The concept of peer-to-peer insurance reestablishes the relationship of trust with grouping the individuals that together
create a solidarity fund, whilst the blockchain distributed ledger reduces administration
and claim processing costs.

Insurance

Reinsurance

P2P

Individual risks are all transfered
to a central Node creating low
density & fragility

Connects Insurance companies
increasing density reducing the
fragility of centralizing risk

Further increases network density,
enabling individual risks to spread
laterally across peer connections

Centralized network

Decentralized network

Distributed network

Source: BankNXT

COMPETITIVE ANALYSIS
InsurePal

Friendsurance

Lemonade

MetroMile

Time to savings

Up front

End of year (maybe)

Up front

Save if drive less

Savings amount

User chooses, $500+

Fixed/not user deter-

-$100

User chooses, $500+

mined
Profitability

Market

Reduces claims

Reduce claims cost

Does not reduce

Does not reduce

frequency and cost,

up to a smaller

claims cost

claims cost

changes behaviour

extent

UK, EU, USA, Asia,

Germany, Australia

USA

USA

Insurance broker

Insurance company

MGA to acquisition
Drive less

Worldwide
Model

MGA to acquisition,
platform

Message to con-

If your friends trust

Feel good (some

sumer

you, we trust you

people)

Marketing ex-

Peer-to-peer viral

pense

Classical / expensive

Classical / expensive

Classical / expensive

marketing / less expensive
Attracting clients
with extreme discounts

13

Distributed social proof insurance

TOTAL ADDRESSABLE MARKET
A lot of changes occur in a finance world of today and the young and tech savvy have
proven to be the most interesting crowd when it comes to adopting them, reports The
Merkle. They are aware the cryptocurrencies are quickly dethroning traditional investment, and are very eager to learn, test and experiment more. For that, they are most likely those that will succeed in fully-deploying the blockchain and accept cryptocurrencies
and tokenization models as the next-generation valid payment methods, as the cryptographically bound peer-to-peer-networks are going to be the defining technologies
of their lifetime, concludes Forbes. As a primary target, InsurePal therefore addresses
millennials as young and tech savvy crypto enthusiasts, and expands the market potential of peer-to-peer model to virally reaching to their colleagues, parents and even
grandparents.

TOTAL ADRESSABLE MARKET (TAM) IS $7 TRILLION

1%
MARKET
SHARE

$70 billion
Considering the fact that almost 80% of all internet users are also active on social media,
and that there are millions of data points exchanged every minute, the potential to communicate digitally and achieve a viral effect with the end-customers is enormous. The
understanding of target customers’ demographics is therefore crucial for speaking their
language and responding to their needs.

TOTAL POPULATION

INTERNET USERS

ACTIVE SOCIAL MEDIA USERS

UNIQUE MOBILE USERS

ACTIVE MOBILE SOCIAL USERS

7.524
BILION

3.819

3.028
BILION

5.052
BILION

2.780

URBANISATION

PENETRATION

40%

PENETRATION

PENETRATION

PENETRATION

GLOBAL DIGITAL SNAPSHOT

54%

BILION

51%

67%

BILION

37%

Source: Hootsuite Global Digital Statshot 2017 Q3

14

Distributed social proof insurance

TARGET CUSTOMERS: MILLENNIALS & TECH-SAVVY CRYPTO
ENTHUSIASTS
The Millennials, also known as Generation Y or Net Generation, are those individuals who
reached adulthood around the turn of the 21st century. They are the first to grow up in a
completely digital world, meaning they formed their opinions during a time of rapid technological progress. With similar speed Millennials absorb information, connect with a
brand and choose a product. According to The Guardian, besides flexibility, fairness and
tolerance, they most desire for capitalism (which worked well for previous generations)
to fulfil its promise to them.

They are also the most underinsured generation today, which makes sense as they have
fewer assets compared to older generations. Due their age the insurance companies
lack their historical data that serves as a proof of their low-risk behaviour. Consequently,
the millennials are often obliged to pay tremendously high premiums in different lines
of insurance.
According to a recent study by pewresearch.org, by 2030 the millennials will make up
75% of the workforce and will be the most powerful generation in shaping purchase
decision. To successfully gear towards the digital natives who will soon represent the
world`s biggest target market the marketing tactics and products need to address a
different set of behaviours and experiences and offer a personalized, technology-friendly
and customer-oriented experience.
To our target customers, the component of virality and power of social media play a crucial role in how they will learn and/or promote the product. As they are prone to adopting
new solutions and are not as loyal to brands, they can easily change alliances. Hence,
InsurePal fills the gap as a different insurance provider offering an engaging and interactive experience, following the latest trends in product differentiation and especially in
adoption of the new, disruptive technology.

15

Distributed social proof insurance

MILLENNIALS AS CONSUMERS: DIGITAL NATIVES & TECH SAVY

21.7%

MORE LIKELY TO BE MAC USER

21.3%

MORE INTERESTED IN DATA MINING

18.8%

MORE INTERESTED IN PHOTOSHOP

3.1%
MORE LIKELY TO BE INTERESTED IN
TECHNOLOGY IN GENERAL

11.6%
MORE LIKELY TO OWN AN IPHONE
12.6%
MORE INTERESTED IN FILE SHARING

The millennials’ affinity for technology is reshaping the marketing space and the boundaries between categories begin to blur, as the consumers no longer wish to be singled
out only on the basis of their income, gender, ethnicity or education. Insurance as an
industry has failed to do that, and consequently, insurance companies today are not the
most popular; on the contrary, besides being perceived boring they are also associated
with increasingly high costs.
The young and tech savvy are also most likely the generation that will succeed in fully-deploying the blockchain and accept cryptocurrencies and tokenization models as
next-generation valid payment methods as the cryptographically bound peer-to-peernetworks are going to be the defining technologies of their lifetime, as stated in Forbes.
The component of virality and power of social media play a crucial role in how the millennials will learn and/or promote the product. As they are prone to testing new products
and are not as loyal to brands they can change alliances quickly. Hence, InsurePal can enter as an innovative provider offering them an engaging and interactive experience, following the latest trends in product differentiation and adoption of disruptive technology.

INSUREPAL: P2P MODEL & BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY

Big data

Invasive telematics

Privacy invasions

Social / Viral / Disruptive

16

Distributed social proof insurance

Solution

INSUREPAL
THE IDEA BEHIND
Insurance is a thousand years old method that originated as an arrangement between
small communities knowing each other well, especially merchants who gathered to pay
to insure their goods being shipped together. In essence, any loss was personal and
participants actively tried to avoid letting each other down. Bad participants were recognised and excluded from the group, as the trust between the participants is essential.
The principle of collected premiums between trusted parties was forgotten throughout the history as more and more specialized insurance varieties developed. InsurePal
adapts the old idea with a blockchain innovation to fit the needs of modern society.

SOCIAL PROOF IN PSYCHOLOGY
“Social proof is a psychological phenomenon influencing people to take actions and
make decisions differently than they would if they had relied solely upon their own
judgment. In other words, people reference the behavior of others to guide their own
behavior.”

Social proof is the influence that the actions and attitudes of the people around us (either in real life or online) have on our own behavior. The “proof” element is the idea that
if other people are doing it, it must be correct. Among the first who presented the social
proof and ranked it among 6 universal principles that influence our affirmative behavior
was Dr. Robert Cialdini in his book The psychology of Persuasion. He described the concept as a tendency, driven by people’s natural desire to behave “correctly” under most
circumstances, almost as it is built in our basic moral structure. Since, social proof as a
pattern stimulating wanted behaviour has been widely popularized by the web and several other studies have re-confirmed that highlighting positive norms works better than
pointing out the restrictions. Hence, especially in social interactions, social proof can help
people to protect themselves from committing actions that would be frowned upon by
others or fall below standard expectation.

18

Distributed social proof insurance

SOCIAL PROOF IN INSURANCE
The mechanism of social proof is applicable to different types of the already existing
insurance, and at the same time enables us to become pioneers in creating niche insurance solutions, brought-about with the blockchain innovation. The business model allows InsurePal global platform to scale quickly and disrupting both, the traditional
and niche segments by firstly creating social proof insurance modules for blockchain
business transactions and motor car insurance, followed with the development of social
proof modules for life, health and property segments as well.

Blockchain
business
transactions

Motor

Life & Health

Property

BASIC MODEL
Social proof bespokes the insurance industry by the use of a form of financial commitment. InsurePal introduces it as a principle of a third party deductible, combining a classical deductible with a third party endorsement that works as a social proof of an individual
insuree. The endorser who financially guarantees for the individual has to use its own
due diligence when providing the guarantee to at the risk of losing their money. In other
words, the basic idea in the logic behind the InsurePal model is that every statement
backed with financial guarantee immediately gains in value and credibility.
InsurePal model is self-regulating hybrid of a classical insurance and peer-to-peer endorsements on blockchain, backed with social proof. To avoid any scepticism, InsurePal
offers a limited fee guarantee and variety of options to ensure one reasonably saves
up compared to traditional policies. Through such endorsements and guarantees, the
insurance network in whole becomes more and more risk aware and consequently induces a change of people’s behavior to better.

19

Distributed social proof insurance

RECURSIVE/TRANSITIVE MODEL
The basic InsurePal social proof model works as a third-party deductible. When the
third-party makes an endorsement, he/she guarantees to pay for the deductible in case
of claims. The fact that a person is prepared to give another an endorsement with an imposed financial obligation, gives that person a much greater credibility. At the same time,
it also motivates the insurer to act more responsibly, knowing that the financial burden
of his unwanted behavior will be felt directly by his/her endorser.

The social proof mechanism can be applied to an insured having more than one endorser, too. As each new endorser also has their own social proof network, a hierarchical
social proof virtual network establishes. In the event of a claim, one’s first (direct) social
proof endorsers pay the most, whereas all indirect connections (secondary, tertiary, etc.)
pay exponentially less.
For the allowance to be financially exposed in case of at fault claim, each endorser receives a financial incentive by InsurePal, collected from blockchain transaction fees and
insurance premium payments. This is an extremely relevant improvement to the already
existing peer-to-peer models. Due the social pressure from all insured`s endorsers, the
model will promote self-regulation, whereas the endorsers that will not adhere to the
rules will be automatically expelled. Such smart peer-to-peer endorsements (and that
of their peers) will ensure that diligence is rewarded by collecting the money from the
untrustworthy, as there will be more paid deductibles than awards received.
Even more, every time an endorser is involved in an insurance operation, he/she (namely
their node) is rated based on their diligence, receiving a Social Proof Trustscore, a factor
that tells all the other participating endorsers whether or how much one can be trust-

20

Distributed social proof insurance

ed. Each node will be able to decide whether to give the endorsement to the insured
person only or to their entire social network. The financial incentives will be distributed
accordingly, promoting recursion and growth of the node`s Social Proof Trustscore index. InsurePal will introduce the recursive model with a careful observation of the entire
blockchain economy and in partnership with arbitrage and identity systems in order to
fully exploit its potential.

$200

Recursive/Transitive Deductible

$100

$500
$150

$99,00
$10.000,00

$200

5

$300

PREMIUM

COVERAGE

$100

4

1
$50

7

$200
$100

$200

$200

$100

3
2

6

$100

8

$100

SOCIAL PROOF TRUSTSCORE
InsurePal social proof network will exponentially expand in order to allow multiple endorsements and mutual recursion, providing the community with a precise insight of
who is endorsing who and for how much. This valuable data will serve for InsurePal to
generate Social Proof Trustscore, a factor that will calculate a real-time average value
directly reflecting who is trustworthy to make blockchain-made agreements with.

21

Distributed social proof insurance

INSUREPAL PATENT
On its own, social proof methodology is not new and is a concept widely used for marketing in different industries. Nevertheless, this is a first time we have managed to successfully reinvent it in the insurance industry. For that reason, the innovative approach
of policy with an endorser has been filed for patent protection in the United States and
worldwide.
This gives InsurePal an unique competitive advantage as all the insurances that will want
to adopt the concept of social proof will be legally obliged to use InsurePal platform solution, as any other use can be considered as infringement.

http://www.freepatentsonline.com/y2017/0243298.html

“By becoming an early adopter of blockchain technology, InsurePal can gain an important competitive advantage whilst improving transparency and outcomes across the entire value chain.”

22

Distributed social proof insurance

Roadmap

ROADMAP WITH INVESTMENT CLIFFS
InsurePal is changing the concept of insurance as we know it today. Due the fact we’re
disrupting one of the state’s most regulated industries we must commit to strictly comply
with the requirements of regulators in spite of innovation in order to preserve the trust
of all of our stakeholders. By designing our Roadmap, we want to provide the team with
optimum working conditions, as we are aware of the scale and complexity of the work
that is ahead of us. We set our goals on the dot with the commitment to deliver our
promise in due time and thus preserve your trust and our primacy in the field of insurance of the future.
2015

2016

2017

2018

Q1

Q2

Q3

Founders test the
market within their
professional market
fields to discover irregularities.

Social proof is identified as a potential solution.

Q1

Q2

Founders invest close to $500.000 to develop the model
and web application demo. Model is calibrated to
real-market data.

Q3

Q4
Calibrated mathematical
algorithms confirm the
thesis the social proof
model brings from 30%
and up to 70% cost
reduction, insofar as the
insurance company
operates with lower-risk
clients.

Q4

InsurePal founders file for social proof insurance patent
protection in US and worldwide.
A detailed business plan to pitch the idea to VC in Silicon
Valley is developed.
Several million investment is offered to buy-out the idea,
but InsurePal refuses in order to develop it in the direction they envisage.

InsurePal social-proof insurance methodology, including a
viability assessment and a legal review of the project is
further developed.
Blockchain is identified as an ideal innovation for a
peer-to-peer insurance model implementation.
Several meetings with different crypto think-tanks in
Switzerland, Russia, Slovenia, UK occur.
InsurePal core team is assembled.

Q1

Q3

Q2

Q4

Partnership with Netis blockchain consultancy is made to
complete the methodology and develop a sustainable
token model. InsurePal team expands with new blockchain
and technology experts.

The architectural design of the platform and its functionalities begins. Parallely, the extensive preparations
for ICO (InsurePal token crowdsale) go about.

Q1

Q3

Q2

January 16th

Q4

Vast motor car insurance module performance, unit and
user acceptance testing is set in motion.

IPL token crowdsale

The development of InsurePal platform core and the
implementation of the blockchain related functionalities
begins.

Simple integration and set-up with core insurance system
to support InsurePal operations occurs.
MGA insurance licence for UK market is obtained.

First, the module for blockchain business transactions is
developed, and a module for motor car insurance follows.
InsurePal commits to informing the community about the
progress and begins with its first branding campaign.

Social proof pilot project is ready to be launched on the
UK market, supported with a marketing & PR campaign.
Social proof modules for life and health are ready to be
developed.
Meanwhile, the preparation for InsurePal production
platform deployment begins.
InsurePal starts with extensive legal and regulatory
preparations to obtain the EU passport licence.
Interested third-parties are invited to using InsurePal
social proof modules.
Improvement and development of blockchain transactions insurance module continues.

2019

Q1

Q2

Additional functionalities to be implemented in InsurePal
platform.

Q3

Q4

InsurePal platform to become a “to-go” global social
proof insurance.

Partnership with Interested third-parties to use InsurePal platform is gaining strength and is further promoted..
Implementation of claims community handling model
begins.

24

Distributed social proof insurance

PROOF OF CONCEPT
INSUREPAL ALGORITHM

SEVERITY RISK FACTOR

To calculate premium rates for policyholders, insurances usually use a predetermined
algorithm based on acquired data, so their underwriters gauge the risk of individual filing
a claim and a claim size. The premiums are based on several key indicators which finally
dictate the price of the policy. During this process everything from predictive behavior
to social media comprehensive analysis can be used as a verifying proof of someone’s
potential exposure to claims.

1.0

Frequency Risk Factor Per Driver:
frequency_rf <- rpois(n = n, lambda = 0.5 * 100) / 100

0.8

0.6

Frequency Risk Factor Per Driver (related to frequency risk factor):
severity_rf <- rpois(n = n, lambda = frequency_rf * 100) / 100

0.4

0.2

FREQUENCY RISK FACTOR

0.4

0.6

0.8

In motor industry, car insurance is mandatory, as the costs of potential damage or danger may include repair or rent of vehicles, medical care or even legal assistance. The
insurance algorithm therefore compares different variables from age, address, marital
status to gender and driving record to calculate the end-price of a specific premium.
All these data were included in our predictive analysis as well to determine whether the
social-proof model withholds all possible scenarios.
InsurePal too uses a similar basic algorithm to calculate the client’s premium based on
a short questionnaire data to be able to undercut the premium price with a social proof
by using an advanced InsurePal algorithm. All necessary data can be acquired by a client
taking photo of his/her existing policy and in case of motor ca rinsurance, by also taking

Poisson

Projected Claim Events

Frequency Risk Factor
correlated

Projected Claims

Severity Risk Factor

Log-normal

25

Projected Severity

Distributed social proof insurance

a photo of his/her driving license and vehicle basic documentation. This is also the case
with other lines of insurance: basic documents are collected to be able to undercut the
with social proof algorithm.
It was determined that by targeting solely the segment of lower-risk drivers (with a proven history record) the claims frequency significantly reduces, leading the insurances insurers to a better clients` segmentation and a significant decrease in policy prices for
diligent and responsible clients.
The nature of our proposed decentralised business model motivates self-regulation
within the community as the risk-prone individuals are automatically expelled from the
scheme. The bigger the community gets, the more possibilities for their peer-to-peer endorsers appear, until only the biggest claims demand the reinsurance of classic models.
As a consequence, even more and larger discounts can be offered to the community
instead of feeding the expensive bureaucratic apparatus.

NUMBER

70% REDUCTION OF CLAIMS WITH A SCHEME OF LOW-RISK DRIVERS IS POSSIBLE

77%

2500

2000

Safe
drivers
Most profitable segment

1500

1000

of Auto Insurance operating costs are
from claims

500

YEARS WITH NO CLAIM

0
0

26

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

Distributed social proof insurance

INSUREPAL TEST PILOT: UK
InsurePal will ultimately become a decentralized platform that will enable the management and application of social proof to various types of insurances. In its first development phase, a pilot will be run to test the concept on a Great Britain market, known to be
the cradle of insurance industry. There are several reasons why the timing for a launch
in Great Britain is opportune as the price of motor car insurance is constantly increasing
and results of insurance companies are not substantially improved.
According to the Association of British Insurers, UK drivers are paying an average $644
(£484 on 1.11.2017) for an annual insurance policy, up $64 (£48 on 1.11.2017) in the last
12 months. The 11% increase in 2017 is also the biggest year-on-year rise since the ABI
began tracking premiums for private cars in 2012.
For the reasons stated above, InsurePal targets millennials and tech savvy to become
social proof ensurance early adopters. Due to their age, the younger generation in Great
Britain don’t have an insurance history, making it even more difficult for the insurers
to properly assess their risk. Consequently, they are usually the ones with sky-rocket
premiums and at the same time the lowest income. This means that their policy is more
expensive that the car they are driving. But in reality, not all of them are high risk drivers.
To fix this paradoxical situation, InsurePal is using knowledge among their friends, family
members, colleagues and coworkers about their driving habits by making an assumption
that their closest acquaintances will be able to evaluate them objectively. Knowing the
driving habits is not the only key. Knowing that person is in general responsible and diligent is the key of proper evaluation.

UK ADRESSABLE MARKET

300M
700M

300M

500M

30 million insured personal cars
3 million drivers with a 5-year track
history of accident-free

27

Distributed social proof insurance

Blockchain

BLOCKCHAIN INTEGRATION
PRINCIPLES OF DECENTRALIZED ECONOMY
Blockchain is essentially a permanent and immutable record of transactions within a network. At its core are “digital ledgers” that are distributed amongst all network participants
to serve as a common source of “truth”. The system that relies on references to other
blocks that are cryptographically secure within the digital ledger is much more transparent than traditional approaches to sharing data across a value chain. By eliminating
the need for intermediaries it carries the potential to disrupt existing business models.
Blockchain allows for a more transparent and trustworthy service for consumers, whilst
offering significant efficiency and reduced overheads for the service providers.
Arising blockchain economies have smaller utilisation than traditional fiat economies,
therefore their currency value should be proportionally smaller. However, in opposite to
non-inflationary blockchain economy, the majority of fiat economies are printing money
and are inflationary. For that, the blockchain economy needs some sort of utilisation to
support its value growth.

“In case of InsurePal, the social proof carries embedded the value of its underlying IPL
token currency by rewarding diligent clients with significant premium discounts.”

The value of any decentralized economy becomes the value of its underlying currency. If
economy and its token prove a valuable utilization, the price of the currency increases,
meaning the more economical added value there is, the higher the price of its token gets.
In case of InsurePal, this is the role of a social proof guarantee that rewards responsible
and diligent clients with bigger insurance discounts. Due the fact the insurance industry
in traditional and fiat economy is big, we can reasonably assume the utilisation of InsurePal tokenized economy will be significant in size as well.

DISTRIBUTED SOCIAL PROOF INSURANCE
Over 15 years of experience in the field of insurance advanced IT systems and solution
development have given us an in-depth insight into the insurance business and allowed
us to design a product that will revolutionize the insurance industry of today. Now, we
are ready to transform this knowledge by building an insurance company of tomorrow by
bringing out the essence of trust in a smart digital way by applying the blockchain technology. The key elements of InsurePal distributed social proof platform that will gradually
become the “internet of insurance” are decentralization and tokenization.
Consequently, the underwriting of insurance policies, payment system, social proof and
even claims handling are dealt with the application of smart contracts, run on the Ethereum public blockchain. In addition, the adaptation of technology allows the assessment
of the risk profile of insurance customers and their segmentation into risk groups based
on their network of trusted social acquaintances.

29

Distributed social proof insurance

DECENTRALIZED BUSINESS MODEL GROWS TRUST AND TRANSPARENCY
Blockchain application in insurance could have a significant impact on forecasting risk
and liability for payment of future benefits and ascertaining premium rates and cash
reserves, real time data flows and claims determination impact support processes and
therefore provide faster insights for reserve calculation. Within the reinsurance pool
retrocessions are assessed in an automated manner using smart contracts. Exposure
to loss is reduced, risk is transferred to higher limits and revenues are settled by diversification.

PATENTED INNOVATION WITH NO OR LITTLE COMPETITION BRINGS RELEVANT ADVANTAGE
As early adopters of blockchain technology, we enter market that has been so far rigorously regulated. There is no real competition that could address both, the knowledge
of innovative technology as well as the industry know-how without losing a significant
amount of time. By addressing both, B2C and B2B markets, InsurePal is introducing a
innovative and highly scalable solution, interesting to a wide array of market.

PEER TO PEER MODEL ENFORCES RESPONSIBILITY AND SELF-REGULATION
Trust among the participants motivates them to promote safe habitual patterns and demotivates them from filing smaller claims. For the majority of individuals, the P2P social
proof scheme works better than any of the currently existing standard insurances. With
enforced responsibility, individuals with risky behavior are eliminated by their social contacts, meaning that the scheme is self-regulated by the clients.

REAL-TIME PEER TO PEER DATA SHOW REALISTIC ASSESSMENT OF AN INDIVIDUAL
Deductibles work because of their underwriting effect of reinforcing self-awareness. We
are all prone to assess our habits. Guarantees of our trusted social network will provide a
person (and InsurePal) with a wider and reasonably more objective perspective. By continuously assessing oneself and others, the clients and their social proof contacts will reinforce self-regulation, significantly reducing the frequency of claims of insured portfolio.
Assessments among family, friends and colleagues guarantee real-time segmentation
and correlating premium rates.

DISTRIBUTED MODEL BRINGS SIGNIFICANT PRICE REDUCTION FOR A GENERATION WITH MUCH
LOWER INCOME
An easy-to-use discounting model is especially alluring to a generation with a significantly
lower income. By introducing the element of virality and social endorsements, InsurePal
addresses the needs of millennials who mainly communicates via social media. Even
more, by respecting data privacy, it also responds to their growing reluctance to share
their data. An end-to-end product will be available as dAPP, making it easy for our primary target group to download it and access it via mobile.

“InsurePal sees the blockchain innovation as an opportunity to improve efficiency, increase transparency, lower the costs of transaction processing, enhance the customer
experience, improve data quality and increase trust between parties and support auditability, among other benefits.”

30

Distributed social proof insurance

BLOCKCHAIN & SMART CONTRACTS INTEGRATION
For InsurePal P2P electronic insurance system, blockchain represents a foundational
technology that allows the embedment of social proof guarantee into the IPL token with
an introduction of self-executing smart contracts when all the predetermined conditions
are met.

INSUREPAL SMART CONTRACT FOR PREMIUMS
Smart contract is autonomous and executes without the help of a third party. The smart
contract will be deployed on blockchain to replace the old-fashioned “paper” business,
immediately accelerating transparency and data integrity whilst at the same time gaining
on agility. The InsurePal smart contract will in detail define the relationship between the
insurer, the endorser (or endorsers) and the policyholder. Smart contract will trigger the
collection of guarantees in a transparent manner if or when all prerequisites are met
and will handle endorsers rewarding as well. The process will be initiated with a request
from the potential customer (insured person) and a quote sent, accepted and digitally
contracted by way of fiat currency endorsed by the guarantor credit card or issued by
digital guarantee on blockchain nominated in fiat or digital currency.

INSUREPAL SMART CONTRACT FOR CLAIMS ADJUSTMENT
InsurePal understands the claims in insurance need to be assessed objectively and interestingly, all insurance products with parametric claims (meaning where claims size
and difficulty can be assessed statistically from publically available database) can in fact
be handled automatically. With InsurePal, all claims will at first be handled in traditional
manner by outsourcing them to the established companies. The system will support
claims filing and management with integration to an insurance core system. This will
lead to small claims soon be handled by InsurePal community. The claims adjustor will
be selected randomly from an approved list of service providers. They will submit digital
evidence of their assessment including recommendation of actions with estimates. For
transparency, the InsurePal will randomly select claims adjusters to assess small claims.
The other claims adjusters will be offered the opportunity to beat the price proposed
and identify how that offer will not compromise on quality. Each claim will be reviewed by
two other independent claims adjusters.

MEMBERSHIP AND COMMUNITY GROWTH
Community members can be minority or majority partners and can increase/decrease
their stake in their community group. For example, you can enter as a single guarantor
and build you confidence over a period of time allowing your peer group to support your
growth measuring against the impact on the group risk responsibility.

31

Distributed social proof insurance

BUSINESS TO CUSTOMER (B2C)
InsurePal dAPP: For the end users, InsurePal will provide a customer-centric experience, allowing them to easily navigate through the process and at the same time obtain
the most favorable insurance premium via their mobile devices. The InsurePal dAPP will
serve as an entry point to the the InusrePal ecosystem, enabling users to create their
blockchain identity and directing them to start using IPL tokens hassle free.
The InsurePal dAPP will include different functionalities, such as:
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»

Identity creation
Social proof identification
Token wallet creation
Insurance policy administration
Claims filing and management
Integration with an insurance core system to manage all insurance administration
Integration with a credit card payment system and banking payment system
Finding social endorsers
Giving social endorsements
Make payments
Take photos and claim damages
Communicate with InsurePal supporters and community
Enable access to Social Proof Trustscore scoring & rating

BUSINESS TO BUSINESS (B2B)
The InsurePal platform will act as a global provider of various insurance modules based
on social proof mechanics. That way all interested third-parties will be able to use the
platform as stand-alone providers at their country level by paying a predetermined fee
(to be yet established) and growing their businesses by re-selling social proof insurances.

B2C

B2B

3rd party insurance

B2B

3rd party telco

B2B

3rd party retail

end user
% fee

INSUREPAL PLATFORM

Blockchain layer
InsurePal platform (Ethereum + smart contracts)

Module layer
Social proof modules for different isnurance segments

Concept layer
InsurePal patent

32

Distributed social proof insurance

INTERNET OF INSURANCE
We are certain that underwriting technology will play a significant role across the insurance value chain from acquiring clients, recording their requirements through the processing and adjudication of their claims with quicker turnaround reducing recovery risks.
Thereby, we have thoroughly considered each development step to fully comply with
regulatory demands and local jurisdiction and came up with a solution roadmap that will
allow our users a moderate transition to a fully tokenized model and at the same time
ensure the highest level of safety, preserving the trust of all stakeholder.
That way, InsurePal will lead the clients (B2B and B2C) to a fully decentralized service step
by step and at the same time serve as a sample case of how to conduct P2P insurance,
harnessing the power of blockchain technology. Upon taking this approach, regulatory
challenges will be excluded as the claims reserve will be collected and stored in fiat currency until we can ensure with certainty the stability of the proposed model and crypto
currency to the regulator.

“A moderate transition into a fully tokenized service will ensure the highest level of
quality, preserve the trust of all stakeholders and intuitively lead the clients to a new,
decentralized internet of insurance.”

InsurePal
dAPP(s)

3rd Party Insurance

B2C

3rd Party Telco

InsurePal API

InsurePal platform
InsurePal
Smart
contract

3rd Party Retail

B2B, Facebook,
Mail, Twitter,
Payment
services,
Jaxx ...

B2B

InsurePal
Service bus

3rd Party Apps

Finance &
Accounting

Insurance Core

Ethereum Blockchain Network

Fiat
exchange
service

Buy/Sell on
exchange
(smartcontract)

Exchange

33

Payment
Processor(s)

IPFS

Distributed social proof insurance

UNDERLYING TECHNOLOGY

Android

React UI

iOS

Java EE

Node.js

Web3

DB driver

IPFS API

Ethereum blockchain

DB

Distributed
storage

BLOCKCHAIN DISTRIBUTED LEDGER
InsurePal dApps and smart contracts will be build on top of Ethereum (a Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application Platform). Ethereum blockchain is InsurePal first choice due to its widespread acceptance within the blockchain community,
carrying a great future potential for our platform’s scalability, flexibility and versatility in
the long run.

FRONT-END/UI
All web and mobile applications supporting end-users and InsurePal business operations will be build upon most reliable and innovative technologies up to this date e.g. React (front-end) and Node.js, combined with Java EE (back-end). We are dedicated to put
ergonomics and user experience (UX) on top of our priorities when building user-face
applications. The dApps development will be user-centric by keeping “mobile-first” approach and responsive design in mind, taking into account corresponding applications
for Android and iOS systems as well.
Important notice: A web pilot demonstrating the handling of processes from acquiring a client and their
policy to them taking documents photos and inviting the endorsers via social networks and cashing-in
discounts is already operational and in place as POC (Proof of Concept) application.

BACK-END/BUSINESS LOGIC
Back-end (InsurePal business logic) will require a mixture of Node.js and Java EE technologies, depending on specific use cases. Server business logic supporting React-built
mobile and web interfaces will use Node.js for its realization. Both, React and Node.js
are proven to be fast, reliable and lightweight when combined. The more demanding
business logic and complex implementations of advanced variable business rules will be
handled by Java EE technology.

34

Distributed social proof insurance

STORAGE
The InsurePal platform will eventually migrate to IPFS distributed storage layer as a perfect match to blockchain network, ensuring a fast and reliable storage e.g. documents
and media files reporting loss cases, digitalized repository for insurance policies, scanned
IDs and endorsement letters etc. In the meantime, the storage layer will be handled in
a classic manner by using a combination of relational and/or NoSQL databases, all depending on the transactions volume growth.

INTEGRATION LAYER
Modular and flexible integration layer will include a service bus for in-platform integrations with insurance core systems. An open API and RESTfull services will be used to
enable quick scalability of InsurePal social proof model with third-party providers (B2B).
Blockchain ledger integration will be done via currently available and tested libraries e.g.
web3j & web3js for UI & (business logic for blockchain ledger integration), java-ipfs-api
(IPFS integration) and JSON/REST (social media and payment services). Due the fact the
blockchain-related technologies rapidly advance, we reserve the right to replace any of
the mentioned services with a more suitable solution.

35

Distributed social proof insurance

IPL Token

INSUREPAL (IPL) TOKEN
InsurePal token (IPL) will be the fuel of InsurePal platform used by clients and InsurePal
third-party business partners worldwide. For each new insurance premium conducted
via InsurePal platform, the IPL token will be used. Tokenizing property will allow InsurePal
to uniquely identify insurance assets and transform the information to other types of
businesses via a digital record, containing information about one’s social proof. InsurePal
platform will use different means to incentivize participants to use it and tokens will be
listed on different exchanges to simplify the trading process and make the token available to a broad audience.

IPL TOKEN FOR INSURANCE OF BLOCKCHAIN BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
The insurance of blockchain business transactions with social proof will be done in IPL
tokens solely, meaning that the client will have to purchase the premium with IPL tokens. For each of their endorsers, the incentive will have to be paid in IPL tokens as well,
whereas their guarantee can be done by IPL lock-in or differently (with the use of credit
card, credit note etc.). Even more, all fees coming from the side of possible participating
insurance companies and other third-parties will have to be paid with IPL tokens as well.
For that, this kind of insurance transactions will greatly grow the InsurePal liquidity pool
and importantly improve the trust and flow of blockchain business transactions.

IPL TOKEN AS AN INSURANCE PREMIUM DISCOUNT
To receive the InsurePal insurance, clients will be asked to take and upload a photo of
their existing insurance policy. The InsurePal will then calculate and offer each client
a discount, proportionate to the size of their endorsers` guarantee. This way, every
client will receive a specific number of tokens, representing the exact amount of their
estimated discount according to a current market value. In the first phase, the client will
also be able to opt out for the cash discount in the form of lower premium price. In this
case, the cash discount will account for approximately 20% less than the value of the
estimated token discount.

IPL TOKEN AS AN UPFRONT INCENTIVE
For each new social proof guarantee, the endorser will receive a guarantee premium/
reward in local fiat currency or in IPL tokens. The endorser will be able to sell the IPL
tokens immediately or speculate and wait for an even higher market value or to save
them to buy insurance policy in the future.

IPL AS CREDIT SCORE AND SOCIAL PROOF SCORE
Social proof endorsers will be able to make the guarantee with the credit card or via a
smart contract. Their social proof guarantee will consist of relevant information on the
client (the insurance holder) and will serve to them as a credit report. If several endorsers will guarantee for the same person, their credit score will proportionally increase in
value. In parallel to token transactions, these information will be stored in the general
ledger being partially encrypted and partially public. The encrypted part will only be
disclosed publically if its holder approves.

37

Distributed social proof insurance

IPL AS A SOCIAL PROOF IDENTITY
The clients holding IPL will be able to identify themselves within the InsurePal Community. Even more, in the long run they will be able to sell their own social proof guarantee
without revealing their identity to institutions or reinsurers in order to get the guarantee and a proportionate share of their insurance premium.

IPL FOR CLAIMS ADJUSTMENT
In the future, the InsurePal may appoint some members of their InsurePal community
to process and report on the claims, a service that will have a financial incentive. Claims
which go beyond an agreed threshold (exact amount to be decided) will be decided
by professional claims adjusters who will report their recommendations to InsurePal
before informing the client. In essence, there is no insurance company involvement as
everything is settled by the community on the bases of blockchain and smart contracts.

IPL LIQUIDITY POOL
Discount conversion to tokens will be incentivised, therefore InsurePal will have to convert a significant percentage (from 10% to 30% for classical insurance segments and,
100% for blockchain business transactions insurance) of each new premium into IPL
tokens and give the tokens back to InsurePal clients and their social proof endorsers.

Guarantee/Endorser

Insured person
IPL upfront bonus as incentive
(for Endorser)

IPL token/credit card guarantee

IPL token/credit card down payment
on insurance

LIQUIDITY
POOL

To continue, all third-party businesses (eg. retailers, telecoms etc.) selling their social
proof insurance products via InsurePal platform will be obliged to use IPL tokens and
trade with them on exchanges. The adoption of InsurePal social proof model will make
it obligatory for third-parties to embed their client` social proof data by InsurePal platform. Any fees for using InsurePal social proof insurance platform will have to be paid in
IPL tokens as well.
By selling more and more new policies, there will be more and more demand for tokens, creating a solid liquidity pool for exchanging tokens to fiat and vice versa, supporting the growth of IPL token price. InsurePal model guarantees a high liquidity of IPL

38

Distributed social proof insurance

tokens, enabling the token holders to sell their tokens at any time. In case of a big IPL
token price growth special token split/denomination processes will be set in motion.
The estimate is that not all of the acquired tokens will be sold immediately, meaning
the demand will always be higher than the supply. In line with the mass adoption of
cryptocurrencies, the demand and usability of IPL token will grow and consequently, IPL
will become a go-to currency of arising alternate insurance industry. The tokens will be
bought solely on exchanges from other token holders.

IPL TOKEN CROWDSALE
The issuance of the IPL tokens will be controlled by a smart contract deployed on Ethereum network. The token will conform to the ERC20 standard. The minimum target for
the crowdsale is set to Ether equivalent of $5 million while the hard cap will be at set
at $18 million in total. Base token price upon the launch of the crowdsale will be set to
$0.10.
InsurePal doesn’t support uncapped token crowdsales as we are able to provide an
estimate on how big investment we need to achieve our business goal. Furthermore,
uncapped token crowdsales turned out to be harmful for the tokenized economy as
they are often driven by greed, taking advantage of the hype. For that, InsurePal token
crowdsale will be processed automatically and a security measure for the contributors
will be included. If the minimum goal is not reached, InsurePal will not be able to access
the funds, and participating contributors will get a full refund. This measure adequately
protects the contributors and eliminates the need for an escrow. At the same time, we
are committed to deliver our features as comprehensively as possible, which is why we
made InsurePal platform and its technical development a priority of our operations.
A total of up to 300 million of non-mineable IPL tokens will be issued during the IPL
token crowdsale. Contributions will be made available in ETH (Ethereum) only. Each ETH
contributed for the entire duration of the IPL Token Crowdsale will entitle the contributor to approx. 3,000 IPL tokens (the exact amount to be calculated and determined on
16 January 2018, depending on the then value of ETH).

Role of token Utility
Token supply 300,000,000
Distributed in the crowvdsale 201,000,000 IPL (67 %)
Symbol/Ticker IPL
Decimals 18
Initial value $0.10
Blockchain Ethereum

39

Distributed social proof insurance

The ETH/USD exchange rate will be locked based on the market exchange rate as of 16
January 2018, and shall remain valid for the entire time of the IPL Token Crowdsale. The
process of token crowdsale will be open for 21 days with the intention to close it early.

* The token distribution as stated
above is a simplification and
it does not mean that natural
persons are getting this tokens.
Some tokens will be distributed
to natural persons and some
tokens to other legal entities if
legal entities are entering the
InsurePal project.

IPL TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
OUT OF UP TO 300 MILLION IPL TOKENS:
»» up to 201,000,000 IPL Tokens (67%) will be distributed to the contributors in the IPL Token
Crowdsale; and
»» up to 72,000,000 IPL Tokens (24%) will be distributed to the Founders and Team;
»» up to 18,000,000 IPL Tokens (6%) will be distributed to the Advisors and Ambassadors; and
»» up to 9,000,000 IPL Tokens (3%) are intended for Incentives for Users & Contributors of
InsurePal platform.

The smart contract will generate IPL tokens immediately upon receiving ETH at its
address. In due time, after the token crowdsale reaches its hard cap or closes after 21
days, whichever occurs first, the IPL tokens will be released to the contributors and to
InsurePal AG, according to the split outlined above. Each ETH contributed will generate
a corresponding number of IPL Tokens (approx. 2,600 IPL Tokens for the contributor,
plus potential bonuses and a corresponding amount of IPL Tokens to be distributed to
InsurePal Ltd).

A 10% BONUS WILL BE ALLOCATED TO:
»» contributors who contribute within 96 hours of the InsurePal token crowdsale launch; or
»» contributors who contribute over 50 ETH.

Please note: each contributor cannot receive a bonus in excess of 10% (even if they
contribute within 96 hours of the IPL Token Crowdsale launch with more than 50 ETH). No
other bonus of any kind or nature will be offered subsequently.

40

Distributed social proof insurance

InsurePal AG however reserves the right to introduce an IPL Token Pre-Crowdsale
contribution period (by invitation only), where the bonus or a discount for the exclusive
duration of the IPL Token Pre-Crowdsale contribution period may be up to 15% (at the
discretion of InsurePal AG). IPL Tokens, based on the funds raised during the IPL Token
Pre-Crowdsale contribution period, will be generated and distributed several hours prior
to the start of the official IPL Token Crowdsale. The IPL Tokens distributed during the Token Pre-Crowdsale contribution period will not exceed 70% of all the available IPL Tokens
assigned to the contributors (with other words, during the IPL Token Pre-Crowdsale not
more than 140.700.000 IPL tokens out of 201.000.000 IPL tokens will be distributed).
All the investors in the Pre-Crowdsale will be whitelisted.
In case the IPL Token Crowdsale is not successful (i.e. in case less than equivalent of $5
million is contributed), all contributed funds will be returned to the contributors.
The ownership of the IPL token does not include the right to:
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»

ownership of the company
ownership of the company’s intellectual property
ownership of the service’s IP
profits of the service
participate in decision making, unless options are put up on voting to token holders

The InsurePal founding team has a complete control over the strategy as well as a dayto-day decision making. The InsurePal AG owns all intellectual property of the service,
which includes:
»»
»»
»»
»»
»»

41

InsurePal brand name and domain
InsurePal patent
InsurePal source code of the website
InsurePal platform algorithm
database(s)

Distributed social proof insurance

MILESTONES
The funds raised by IPL crowdfunding will be distributed in the following manner:

Phase 1 - $5 million

*If the goal is not reached, the funds are returned.

InsurePal platform:
- Platform core blockchain integration (Ethereum)
- Social proof endorsement scheme
- Modules 1&2: social-proof for blockchain business transactions and for motor car insurance
- Light insurance core integration usage
- Worldwide patent filing completion and worldwide patent protection

Phase 2 - $10 million
InsurePal platform:
-Additional modules: property, casualty, life, health
-Full insurance core integration and usage within the system
-Integration of other, third parties Payment/Fee structure

Phase 3 - $18 million
UK motor car insurance pilot & development:
-MGA insurance licence
-Outsourced claims
-PR & Marketing Campaign
-Legal & Compliances
-Celebrity Endorsement
-Team cost

42

EU:
-EU motor car passport license
ERP system implementation and integration
Global:
-PR & Marketing Campaign(s)
-Legal & Compliance

Distributed social proof insurance

Team

TEAM

FOUNDERS

Matt Peterman

Co-founder & InsurePal CEO
Has been in insurance business and venture capital for over 15 years, working as an
executive and business developer for insurance fraud detection company Salviol Ltd
for the last three years. With his help, the company acquired several blue chip insurance clients with a leading position in France and Portugal. Before, he worked with
different private equity companies investing and helping them grow. He has made
several successful in exits, including one IPO.

Tom Volk
Co-founder

Tom is a leader, an experienced director and a cosmopolitan who actively speaks
5 languages with an educational background in physics, from which he received
several awards. He has founded and is currently co-managing Adacta Group. Under
his leadership, the company bootstrapped €25 million annual revenue and grown a
network of more than 450 professionals in 7 different countries whilst developing a
proprietary insurance core system widely used by European and Russian insurances.

EXECUTIVE MANAGING TEAM

Thomas B. Manson
Chief Insurance Officer

A financial services and investment professional and a prominent member of the
Lloyd’s Syndicate with over 20 years of experience in Eastern Europe and the former
Soviet Union. He is a renowned public speaker and a lecturer on advising on strategy
and business tactics.

Adam Parker

Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)
A passionate brand-builder, innovator, and commercial leader with a track record
of accelerated growth on consumer-goods businesses. At Procter & Gamble, he led
startup and billion-dollar brands in the UK and internationally.

Alexander Solomonov
Business Development Russia

An experienced IT & financial services professional and a renowned public speaker,
deeply involved in developing and promoting new IT solutions and other know-hows
to financial industry, mainly oriented to insurance sector.

44

Distributed social proof insurance

Robert Kovacic

Chief Compliance Officer
An experienced tax advisor, exercising sound judgement and risk managing with
more than a decade of working experience. Specialized in corporate and personal
income tax, cross border taxation and transactional taxation.

Daniel Bieusz

General Legal Counsel
Practicing law in Zurich, with extensive experiences with FINMA and FNM (Swiss and
Liechtenstein financial market supervisors). In last two years he has been actively
involved in blockchain as a legal advisor.

Maxim Streltses
Chief Financial Officer

Previously worked with Pairstech, Oppenheimer and UBS in advising high-net-worth
institutional clients and managing portfolios. A dedicated professional with strong
track record in investment and financial risk management.

45

Distributed social proof insurance

ADVISORS

Charlie Shrem

Peter M. Moricz

Business Development

Strategy Advisor & Connector

Advisor

for the Blockchain Economy

A Bitcoin pioneer. A social economist
and digital currency trader. His work
in this field is legendary. In 2011, at
the dawn of the crypto era, he founded BitInstant, the first and largest
Bitcoin company. In 2013, he founded
the Bitcoin Foundation and serve as
its Vice Chairman. In short, he is the
ultimate insider at the epicenter of
the cypto universe.

Strategy advisor in the blockchain and
regtech sector, conuseling numerous
successful ICOs, including Viberate.
With a background in compliance and
risk management, Peter has over 20
years of comprehensive experience
in derivative trading and investment
strategies.

Tomislav Mučič

Corey Cohen

Senion Blockchain Consultant

Marketing Specialist

A pioneer in blockchain with decades
of experience in IT security and
Project Development. As a true
blockchain advocate he focuses on
the architectural design and implementation of global protocols that will
lay the grounding foundation for the
future of business.

Experienced co-founder/operator of
ADjector LLP with a demonstrated
history of working in the online media
industry. Strong entrepreneurship
professional skilled in SEO, Customer
Acquisition, E-commerce, Digital Marketing and Data monetization.

Euan King

Damian Arnold

Senior Insurance Expert

Insurance & Operations Expert

Former CEO of 1insure, a $200M
global provider of software-led
solutions to insurers for policy
management, claims management
and analytics (owned by The Carlyle
Group). Prior to this, he was instrumental in the successful expansion
of Innovation Group (FTSE:TIG) to the
US market.

Previous COO of Direct Line
(LON:DLG), in which time he oversaw
the €550 million sale to Mapfre SA
(BME: MAP) Overall he has 17 years’
track record of transforming business
performance and enhancing value
in both, insurance and technology
sectors.

Andrej Plankar

Matjaz Rakovec

Blockchain Business

Chief Operation Officer (COO)

Consultant
A prolific entrepreneur and a
blockchain evangelist, dedicated
to cryptocurrency and technology
innovation. Sees blockchain as the
new digital alphabet that will rock
the business world.

46

Has more than 20 years of experience in the insurance industry, most
recently as the CEO of Triglav, Adriatic region’s largest insurance group
with €1 billion net written premiums.
He has been awarded the accolade
of Financial Manager of the year in
2012 and 2013 and is currently the
president of Slovene Ice Hockey
Association.

Distributed social proof insurance

BLOCKCHAIN TEAM

NETIS GROUP
COMMUNICATIONS

Tomaz Furlan

Tanja Bivic

Blockchain and Crowdsale

Communications & PR

Project Manager

Consultant

A rare example of an expert
successfully translating ICT into a
business language. He is a visionary
with entrepreneurial mindset and an
outstanding knowledge in the fields
of project management, planning and
management.

Tanja has years of experience in communications management, working as
editor-in-chief of Slovenia`s national
TV. She`s providing strategic counsel
and leadership to key stakeholders,
directing them to relevant messaging
and positioning within the crypto
community. Holds a social work
degree.

Melita Gulja

Sebastjan Pirih

Communications Specialist &

Digital Marketing Consultant

Content Creator
A digital native with years of agency
experience in public relations and
content communications projects.
She is excellent in developing and
executing corporate strategy whilst
manage messaging to help building
and supporting company’s unique
voice and reputation.

With a strong focus, strategic mindset
and a creative talent he is outstanding in developing out-of-the-box digital approaches in the fields of content
marketing, social media and creative
digital communications.

Igor Zgonc

Rok Kunej

Blockchain Business

Communications and Marketing

Consultant

Specialist

Igor is a result-driven professional
with an exceptional entrepreneurial spirit and in-dept knowledge of
blockchain and crypto market. His
company Silver Bullet Risk is developing innovative risk management
solutions and consulting corporations
in ways to achieve higher goals whilst
reducing costs.

Rok is a skilled wordsmith, disrupting
digital communications in various
roles for more than 10 years. His
deep understanding of digital channels makes his messages delivered
in time and in line with the user’s
expectations.

Matjaz Šircelj
Community Manager
A communicator, digital PR and social
media strategist, consultant and
public speaker with two decades of
experience in tech companies and
advertising agencies. As a freelancer
he is consulting international brands,
organizing conferences and local
entrepreneurial events.

47

Distributed social proof insurance

DEVELOPMENT

Jernej Srebrnic

Tomaz Vodisek

Lead Blockchain & Software Architect

Full-stack Lead Developer

Jernej is a software engineer, architect and developer
with more than 15 years of experience and a BSc
degree. He is a master of Java SE & EE, lately focused on
exploring blockchain technologies.

A full-stack Java developer with over a decade of
experience in developing business critical solutions in
the fields of telecommunications and healthcare. Blockchain and dApps development are next milestones in
his professional career.

Grega Stritar

Blaz Blokar

Software Developer, CEO at NeoLab

Blockchain developer

A software architect, entrepreneur and a blogger with
a masters in information sciences. He is the CEO of a
software studio Neolab, developing custom business
solutions and business intelligence projects for various
clients.

Young and promising developer, extremely passionate
about blockchain and crypto related technologies. He
is blockchain and Lynux sys admin, capable of handling
challenging setup, configuration and system maintenance of key components on the chain.

Spela Novsak

Sebastjan Dimnik

Full-stack developer

Project management & UX

Špela is full stack developer, capable of developing
complex business logic and back end code, but with a
great affinity for front end development as well. Špela
holds a BSc degree from the Faculty of Informatics and
Computer science of the University of Ljubljana. When
she is not coding she teach kids ballet.

Sebastjan is an energetic and motivated professional
with experience in UX, business digitalization and
project management. He is a result-driven team-player,
building collaborative relationships whilst demonstrating responsible leadership.

Larissa Bobkova Lagudin
UX and web developer
Besides having a vast experience in programming and
planning of digital systems, websites information architecture and applications, Larissa is an expert in digital
marketing, consulting on planning, design, and implementation of digital solutions and training of users.

Support team:
Besides the listed team members the project is backed up by a strong and unified team
of business analysts, PM’s and developers, all together counting more than 20 individuals.

48

Distributed social proof insurance

RISKS AND DISCLAIMERS
This Whitepaper has been prepared by InsurePal for the sole purpose of assisting prospective participants in deciding whether to participate in the InsurePal token. We emphasize that this is an open-source
initiative where everyone makes the decision independently.
We further note, that financial information contained in the Whitepaper and accompanying materials is
unaudited. The projections contained herein and the accompanying materials are based on certain assumptions. No assurance can be given that these assumptions will prove to be correct, and, accordingly,
no assurance can be given that actual results will conform to the projected results.
InsurePal, the management and the development teams of the project, expressly disclaim any responsibility for ensuring the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and in the accompanying materials. Accordingly, neither of us, nor any other individuals or entity, nor any of our affiliates,
representatives or advisors will be subject to any liability for any inaccuracies in or any omissions from
materials contained herein or the accompanying materials or any other oral or written information provided with respect to the InsurePal token and no express or implied representations or warranties will be
deemed to have been made with respect to the Whitepaper or any other matters.
Neither the project management and core development teams, nor InsurePal AG, nor any affiliates, representatives or advisors are under any obligation to update, supplement or correct this Whitepaper or
accompanying materials in any respect, or otherwise to provide any recipient or reviewer of these materials with access to any additional information. In addition, the project management and core development
teams, InsurePal and the development teams reserve the right, without prior notice to any reviewer or
recipient of this Whitepaper or any accompanying materials, to terminate, at any time, further participation until tokens are generated, we reserve the right to modify any applicable procedures, without giving
advance notice thereof and without providing any reason therefor.
We emphasize in the strongest possible terms that a InsurePal token does not represent ownership or a security interest in InsurePal or any other entity. Nor is a InsurePal token related to
any other assets or properties. The token does not represent a debt owed by the Foundation
or any other entity, and shall not be considered a debenture. If you determine that InsurePal
tokens may constitute a security subject to regulations in any country, we strongly advise you
not to acquire them and suggest you immediately notify us of any possible risks. In addition,
we feel compelled to advise you of the following risks, and indicate that these and additional
risk need to be factored in your decision.

TOKEN VALUE RISKS
Due to the very short history of crypto tokens and crypto-economic systems, there are several challenges
that token holders face when trying to value these projects and underlying tokens.
The short history of crypto tokens has generally shown an even shorter lifespan of many of the projects.
This is especially true because projects present a big principal-agent problem. This is different than a
startup that usually raises money in a series of different rounds over several years.
Second, there is some level of systemic risk associated with the crypto markets that cannot really be diversified away. The industry is too nascent for that. Therefore token-holders take on both project-specific
risk and market risk when they acquire tokens in a specific sector
The systemic risk is very hard to predict, due to the short time span, and is unique to the industry. Everything from hard forks to new crypto attacks are a source of systemic risk that traditional investments
don’t suffer from.
Many projects are interdependent, which causes dependency risk to projects. For example, a crypto project built on ethereum will be affected by things happening in ethereum, like a bug found in a compiler, or
an attack on the ethereum network.

49

Distributed social proof insurance

And further, as layers of the ecosystem build up, this dependency risk deepens.

REGULATORY RISKS
Generally, as the development of blockchain tokens continues to enable new business models, new legal
issues come into focus. For developers, legal and regulatory uncertainty can be one of the main barriers
to building new blockchain protocols and applications.
We emphasize in the strongest possible way that InsurePal tokens do not represent ownership or a security interest over any entity or assets or property. They do not represent a debt owed by any entity and
shall not be considered a debenture under any applicable law. It is for these reasons that we believe that
our tokens are not securities and may be purchased by anyone.
If you determine that our tokens may constitute securities subject to regulation in any country, we strongly advise you from acquiring them and suggest you immediately notify us of the possible risks.

50

Distributed social proof insurance

