WHITEPAPER

Limited - Rare - Resistant
Bitcoin Rhodium is not a fork of Bitcoin.
It is a new crypto asset.

There will only ever be 2.1 million BTR

Bitcoin Rhodium is a community-based crypto
commodity, rare, limited and resistant crypto
asset to store value for the future.
Bitcoin Rhodium is a unique crypto commodity with limited
supply and strong use case . Its store-of-value qualities are
further supported by a set of features that meet the demand
for a long-term crypto investment, incentivize strong-hand
investor behaviour and bridge the gap between the world of
crypto and traditional investment.

Contents

Bitcoin Rhodium Fact sheet
Introducing Bitcoin Rhodium
User Cases
Mining
Roadmap and long-term vision
Community & Useful links

Bitcoin Rhodium Fact sheet
Technical specifications

• 2.1 million BTR
• POW X13
• C# open source code
• Block Interval target 10 Minutes
• Block Size 4 MB
• Difficulty adjustment every 2016 blocks

Distribution

• 50% mineable (1 050 000 BTR)
• 28% airdropped (582 857 BTR)
• 12% in 8 years investment (257 143 BTR)
• 5% premined for PR (105 000 BTR)
• 5% premined for dev (105 000 BTR)

Anonymization

• Security and protection of Bitcoin Rhodium holders disabling
unwanted surveillance over transactions.

Total coins in circulation
~ 800 000 BTR from 2 100 000 BTR
Total coins in circulation

Introducing Bitcoin Rhodium
A Unique Crypto commodity, For the Long-Term
In late 2017, amidst a surge in altcoin issuance – particularly, Bitcoin hard
forks – our Europe-based development team decided to try something
different. For one, we viewed hard forks, for the most part, as Bitcoin clones
that would be difficult to discern from the real thing. Second, after the first
two, Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold, none had been supported by major
exchanges or wallets – making them nearly impossible to acquire; let alone,
safely. Lastly, in a world where hundreds of new altcoins were emerging, it
was becoming clear that without a viable, long-term use-case – that could
be convincingly communicated to investors – the odds of significant price
appreciation were extremely low.
First, we considered what other altcoins were doing – and then, what
Bitcoin couldn’t do, given its ability to subsume nearly all vital crypto
asset functions. Which is when we came up with the idea of “ultra-Bitcoin
scarcity”; i.e., a coin with all of Bitcoin’s best features, and a lifetime
cap of just 2.1 million, or one-tenth of Bitcoin’s; of which, roughly half would
trade upon launch, with the other half to be mined by the public over the
next 100 years. Additionally, we added a privacy feature, in our quest to
create a crypto asset that would cater to large, long-term holders.
Next, we determined that the best way to build community was to distribute
our coin, Bitcoin Rhodium – named for the relatively unknown; and by far,
scarcest Precious Metal – via an “airdrop” to existing Bitcoin holders.
By airdrop, we mean that unlike hard forks, there is no requirement for
a third party to split and/or store the coin. Instead, proactive Bitcoin
holders could claim BTR by “registering” non-zero balance public Bitcoin
addresses from online and offline wallets in which they held their own
private keys – like online Electrums or offline Trezors and Ledgers.
By “signing” the unique message supplied by Bitcoin Rhodium, one could

prove Bitcoin ownership without giving out their private keys; thus, enabling
the receipt of FREE Bitcoin Rhodium in the subsequent claiming process in one’s personal, online Bitcoin Rhodium wallet.
Finally, we aimed to create a “community” to foster long-term support,
through the Discord chat room that we, the development team, actively
monitor in a de facto “customer service” function – particularly during
the airdrop process, which started in December, and will end March 31st.
Through Discord, Twitter, and Reddit, we believe awareness of Bitcoin
Rhodium’s “ultra-Bitcoin scarcity” use case has increased, to the point that
we expect the launch, currently scheduled for late summer, to be met with
significant investor enthusiasm.
Ultimately, in the words of one of the project’s most well-known public
supporters, we hope Bitcoin Rhodium will be viewed as “Elite Bitcoin” to be
BRODL’ed as passionately as Bitcoin is HODL’ed.
October 22, 2018 - Bitcoin Rhodium’s development team announced that,
after a year of exhaustive work, the Bitcoin Rhodium (BTR) MainNet was
launched this weekend.

User Cases
The Crypto Trinity
Bitcoin Rhodium was introduced to a market environment that lacked the
appeal for investors looking for a long-term investment in crypto securities. Ever since BTR has met every objective to effectively fulfil this role,
one that no single cryptocurrency has managed to subsume so far.

BTR’s inherent qualities naturally discern it from the plethora of
altcoins available on the market that lack any viable use case. But more
importantly, they are the bases to a natural convergence with Bitcoin and
Litecoin. The three coins (BTR, BTC, LTC) form an efficient ecosystem that
can facilitate users/investors with different needs and preferences.
Where LTC has traditionally provided its users with primarily transactional
properties and BTC still fails to find its appeal for traditional investors, BTR
emerges as the natural complement to meet the demand for long-term
security investments, investment diversification, a coin that is tightly held
and transparent towards its users. For these reasons BTR represents the
final piece of the puzzle, the Crypto Trinity, whose efficient co-existence
satisfies the complete spectrum of investors and their diverse needs.

Strong hands programme
Hold & Get Rewarded
Bitcoin Rhodium is introducing a new feature that will reinforce its use case:
reward proactive holders and stimulate new investment. Through Strong
hands programme you can earn a reward of between 0,5% and 30% on your
BTR holdings every year.

Strong hands and exit-aversion; two qualities that set BTR investors apart
from the rest. Reinforce your position and build your stack through a free
participation in the Strong Hands Programme.
Read more about how it works at our mainpage:
https://www.bitcoinrh.org/#crypto-investment

P2P BTR-METALS MARKET
In order to stimulate investment, strengthen BTR’s use case and promote
crypto acceptability we are working on an application that will bridge
the gap between crypto and traditional investments. It will facilitate P2P
exchange among BTR, BTC, LTC and precious metal investors through
decentralized and efficient matching of supply and demand with no
intermediaries.

Mining
BitCoin Rhodium’s development team created the mining pool at
http://poolcore.bitcoinrh.org/
Any equipment that supports BTR’s X13 algorithm can mine it, as discussed in the BTR mining manual
https://www.bitcoinrh.org/MiningSetup.pdf

Roadmap

We have made huge progress from our first idea of precious crypto
asset till nowdays developement. Find our fullfiled milestones below.

2017-Q4
FIRST AIRDROP ANNOUNCED
BitCoin Rhodium is the first mineable coin which has enabled individuals
throughout the world to experience an introduction to digital currencies.
First Airdrop recipients were not required to hold BTC on their registered
addresses.

2018-Q2
WEB WALLET LAUNCH
BitCoin Rhodium Wallet was launched for public
CLAIMING BTR
577,275 BTR were successfully claimed

2018-Q3
TESTNET
Testnet launched for mining pool testing, transactions, wallet
functions stability testing.
SERVER NETWORK DECENTRALISATION
The decentralised server network can be observed here:
https://network.bitcoinrh.org/
AIRDROP #2
The second and final round of Airdrop distributed BTR among BTC users,
who did not claim their share before.

2018-Q4
MAINNET LAUNCHED
On October 22 the BitCoin Rhodium MainNet was officially launched
attracting enormous attention of both previous and new community
members, as well as broader crypto public. Subsequently, an organic
OTC market was established that allowed BTR holders that started the
price-searching process.
MININGCORE POOL LAUNCH
Following the technical issues with the pool caused by the Coinium
mining pool software architecture, Miningcore software was implemented
that brought along an unprecedent interest of miners as the hashrate
skyrocketed http://poolcore.bitcoinrh.org/.
THE CRYPTO TRINITY
Our new vision for cooperation with BTC and LTC.
STRONG HANDS PROGRAMME
Hold & Get Rewarded
BISQ WITH BITCOIN RHODIUM
Bisq is an open-source desktop application that allows you to buy and sell
bitcoins in exchange for national currencies, or alternative crypto currencies
ELECTRUM WALLET
Electrum wallet is released to give the BTR holders alternative mean of
storing their tokens: https://electrum.bitcoinrh.org/

2019-Q1
FIRST EXCHANGE LISTING
BTR is expected to be listed on a major crypto exchange by the end of
Q1 2019. For now, P2PB2B and Sistemkoin are confirmed.
GITLAB SOURCE CODE RELEASE
As it has been promised, after the first listing, various components of the
BTR source code will be made available for the community to observe
through GitLab. The delay of the code release has been decided upon by
the development team to ensure maximum security of the BTR network
and the users.
HARDWARE WALLET SUPPORT
After BTR is listed on multiple crypto exchanges, the objective is to
negotiate the support by one, or more of the hardware crypto wallets
manufacturers. Priority is Ledger.

2019-Q2
MOBILE WALLET SUPPORT
The possibility of implementing a mobile wallet solution will be explored.
ANONYMISATION FEATURE
Several anonymisation features are planned to be implemented,
more TBC.
PRESENTATION OF NEW ROADMAP
With capacity building stage completed, we will adjust the scope of our
activities to be more user-centered and orienting on utilizing the potential
of developed Bitcoin Rhodium Ecosystem.

Long Term Vision
Our long term goal is to maintain anonymity, scarcity, security.
As you can see below, we will join the precious metal market
and cooperate with Gold, Silver, Rhodium, Platinium business
partners and develop P2P trading eshop with real precisious metals.

2019+
MERCHANDISING
Merchandising to spread our message.
METAL RHODIUM PARTNERS
Partnership established with precious metal market.
WORLD WIDE P2P METAL MARKET
Built on top of the Crypto Trinity.
BLOCKCHAIN INTEROPERABILITY
Connected with our The Crypto Trinity.

Community & Useful links
People are what make our vision come true.
WEBSITE
https://www.bitcoinrh.org/
MINING POOL
http://poolcore.bitcoinrh.org/
TESTNET WEBSITE
https://testnet.bitcoinrh.org/
ELECTRUM WALLET WEBSITE
https://electrum.bitcoinrh.org/
TWITTER
https://twitter.com/BitCoinRh
DISCORD
https://discord.gg/WmxceSm
FACEBOOK
https://www.facebook.com/bitcoinrh/

