Address

Contact Us

AltMarket, Inc.
10713 Burbank Blvd
North Hollywood, CA
United States

Phone:

+ 1 805 944 2178

Website:

info@alt.market

Email:

info@alt.market

Twitter:

@_altmarket

2

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Version 0.3

Defining the future
of the business of
music
Humble beginnings.
When the idea for Tao Blockchain

asm for our project, and we formed

(symbol: XTO) was born in late

a strong business relationship with

2014, our goals were aggressive

DigiRAMP.com, a working rights

but simple: develop a rights man-

management platform serving the

agement solution suitable for dai-

music and entertainment indus-

ly use by both professionals and

tries.

amateurs. In early 2016, the Tao

Once we’d assembled all of the

Network project was born when

components required to imple-

we formed our initial partnership

ment a successful new platform,

with Boogie Shack Music Group.

we came to a shocking realization:
rights management applications

This vital relationship allowed us

had no place within the music

to take a vested financial interest

industry without proper mon-

in the operations of a profitable

etary incentive. Some blockchain

business within the music indus-

projects have since attempted

try, while at the same time gaining

to address this issue by creating

direct access to the day-to-day op-

complex profit sharing schemes,

eration of the music supply chain.

however all blockchain projects

In August 2016, we launched the

have the same friction for adop-

Tao Network (symbol: XTO) crowd

tion, regardless of the blockchain

sale and raised $100,000. This

used. This friction compounds

crowd sale marked the culmina-

a problem which already exists

tion of three years of effort within

for rights management platforms

both the music and blockchain

WITHOUT a blockchain. There are

verticals. The first quarter of 2017

already several rights management

ushered in a new wave of enthusi-

platforms that perform the exact

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

3

same service that blockchain applications provide, however they are by and large not profitable. Adding a token-based economic scheme simply doesn’t solve the basic supply-and demand-problem that rights management faces, itself.
The problem, at first, seemed unsolvable until one afternoon the CEO of Boogie Shack, Hakim Draper, and the founder of Tao
Network, Bryce Weiner, were having a conversation about the XTO. The solution suddenly became self-evident.

Years of

While the Tao Project (symbol:

andria. While this platform itself

experience.

XTO) has only existed since 2016,

wasn’t suitable for economic use,

it represents over three years

it did begin the exploration of

of hands on experience in both

media applications for blockchain

blockchain applications and the

technology years ahead of anyone

business of music.

else.

Some of our earliest projects

It was our music business experi-

invovled design of the “dApp”

ence that told us a better solution

the Distributed Library of Alex-

was possible.

Years of
relationships.

4

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Version 0.3

Learning the Music
Business
Assume nothing.
Our relationship with BSMG gave

video games, etc), and merchan-

those aged 13-18 account for over

the Tao project unprecedented

dising. Merchandising is an enor-

30% of global music revenues.

access and mentoring into the

mous category which ranges from

Minors are an age category that

functioning of the business of

clothing, to posters and artwork,

blockchain-based platforms almost

music. We were able to partici-

to specific brands of alcohol or,

universally exclude by not respect-

pate directly in artist development

in more recent years, marijuana

ing who actually buys music and how

known as “artist and repertoire”

products. Within the merchandis-

those individuals would gain access

or “A&R,” for short. This is an old

ing royalty stream a great deal of

to the network’s services.

practice of curating and devel-

flexibility may be expressed as to

oping an artist or performer to

how revenue is generated, and one

Rights management and all

develop their unique style into a

need only search their favorite

other proposed schemes using

profitable brand. This brand then

artist on eBay to discover a vast

blockchain technology are in-

becomes the long term residual

market of commemorative collect-

tended to slant the flow of ex-

income that truly provides for an

ibles.

isting funds from the current
parties to a new scheme, but

artist’s lifetime financial success. The cryptocurrency space

Blockchain Has It Wrong

none are actually creating any

is all too familiar with profitable

Blockchain technology is the

new value for the music supply

hype cycles, and an artist experi-

answer to the problems of the

chain. A cost benefit analysis

ences similar cycles throughout

music industry, but perhaps not

of any given blockchain solu-

their career. The execution of a

as is commonly described. Every

tion incurs a resounding net

long-term branding and marketing

single blockchain-based platform

negative when viewed within

strategy smooths out the “boom

for the music industry is either a

the perspective of how and

and bust”/“feast or famine” cycle

copy of a model that isn’t prof-

why money is actually made in

of producing art and allows cre-

itable, competes with a wildly

the music industry.

ators to make a living doing what

profitable incumbent, or is only

they love.

profitable for early stage investors

Traditionally this additional in-

in the off chance the platform is

come is from live performances,

ever developed and achieves use

tours, featured appearances, syn-

at scale. Furthermore, accord-

chronization licensing (TV, movies,

ing to IFPI’s 2016 report, those

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

5

Putting It in Perspective
Quite simply, moving money is the only thing a blockchain has ever done successfully at any scale.
Accepting that simple fact, one may then observe the

With the coming of regulatory oversight, the current

blockchain space and how it has evolved since 2010.

market of Initial Coin Offerings has already begun to

We have seen an exponential increase in blockchains

demand lower risk, regulatory compliant products and

and tokens to the degree of thousands now in exis-

platforms which reduce the friction to on board new

tence, with hundreds more being created monthly.

participants. Any solution for music not only requires

The market has not only supported this explosion,

all of the above, but must then struggle to “rise above

but created specific infrastructure and regulatory

the noise” of the cryptocurrency space, itself. What

compliance practices in order to cater to it. This goes

begins as a noble and well-intentioned desire to cre-

beyond the exchanges, but extends to the evolution of

ate a service for creators quickly devolves into a pro-

technical analysis, price discovery, and social media

tracted up-hill war of attrition, on not the front line of

promotions which have evolved to a very nuanced set

one industry but two.

of profitable behaviors.

Discover the value
hidden in your brand.

6

Company Proposal

Everyone’s
Solution
The solution for the music industry is the solution
for the cryptocurrency space. A simple, intuitive,
fully regulatory compliant interface required for any
blockchain project also serves as a simple, intuitive,
fully regulatory compliant on-ramp into the cryptocurrency economy.
The opportunity to serve both industries at once
suddenly reveals itself. Exploring that relationship
further based on what we already know about both
industries, and our first music industry-accepted
blockchain application was born.
The solution is simple: a fully regulated cryptocurrency exchange which is able to issue officially licensed
and branded products for sale to the public as peerto-peer tradable collectible tokens. Once the market
is created, it may then present Initial Artist Offerings
(IAO), a new form of token sale which is within 100%
compliance with existing SEC regulations and guidelines.
IAO tokens are the 21st century’s answer to the baseball card or commemorative coin. The blockchain
record creates a historical chain of events which we
call “Proof of Fan.” The incentives an artist may offer
to their fans becomes an ala carte menu of fan interaction, from free shows to face-to-face meetings to
more traditional items like t-shirts and posters, which
is limited only to the creativity of the artist. Not only
the quantity of tokens possessed may be considered,
but also the length of time one has owned a token.
The entire history of support and interaction of a
fan with their favorite artist may now be monetized,
creating entirely new value both monetary and in the
experience.

Enter your Project Case here

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

7

The Initial Artist
Offering (IAO)
Safe, fraud free markets
Exchanges with integrity, putting customer
service first
Regulatory compliant cryptocurrency finance
products
Frictionless access to all participants in the
music supply chain from artists to consumers,
including minors
Clear business positives for use of any new
technology, not simply ambiguous claims of
“better ecosystems” or “disruption”
Being able to demonstrate actual benefit to
those whom the product is intended to serve:
artists and their fans
Consists of a collectable, limited issuance of a
cryptographic token
Bears unique artwork, similar to that of album
art
Has no intrinsic value either expressed or implied
Officially licensed and branded merchandise

8

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Version 0.3

Constructing an
Economy
Market design for IAOs will bear many of the same traits as traditional Initial Coin
Offerings and cryptocurrency launches, with certain exceptions. Most notably is
that every token offering is officially licensed, reducing the amount of due diligence
required for risk assessment to zero. Every single offering within this ecosystem is
100% fraud free. The manner of analysis of IAOs is reduced to two primary categories: economic variables and price discovery. All offerings will accept USD, BTC, ETC,
and XTO. Participation in offerings using XTO will receive an automatic 5% discount.

Economic Prospectus
Clear, consistent metrics for evaluation of each offering, including but not
limited to: total token count, offering type, base network, and disbursement schedule.

Price Discovery
New metrics for monitoring the real time success of an artist’s career
based on sales performance, touring, and media coverage.

XTO Markets
Special XTO base pairs allow for secure trading of celebrity brands for all
ages of consumer.

XTO Adoption
We seeded the music industry with XTO at no charge, in order to allow individuals direct experience with cryptocurrency technology and its financial
application.

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

9

10

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Version 0.3

Price Discovery as Artist
Business Analysis
In traditional financial markets, price discovery is a function of basic supply and demand factors related to the
market. The IAO structure offers several metrics from the music industry which are used to create composite
scores known as the Fame Demand and Fame Potential. These two metrics allow for a snapshot view into the artist’s ability to monetize their fan base through traditional methods thereby providing some context for the appeal
of the collectible token representing that artist.

1

Presence
Presence is determined as a function of social media followers, weighted against the
specific platform due to the variance in performance of each network tracked. Social
media platforms to be tracked include: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Spotify,
Pandora, Deezer, SoundCloud, and YouTube.

2

Notoriety
Notoriety is a simple moving average of the number of times per week that the artist is
mentioned in the media. This metric is curated by the AltMarket™ team from a variety
of sources, and each which contributes to the computation will be accounted.

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Where attention goes, money flows.
Discover what is capturing attention.
Fame Demand is a weighted average composed of three computed scores. The application of weighted averages allows for the quantification of an artist’s career in comparison to their peers through the same metrics
used by the music industry, itself, albeit in a slightly different format.

3

Performance
This metric is variable based on the medium of the artist, however it is a weighted average of the number of public performances and the attendance of each performance.
This metric includes syndication when such data is available.

4

Potential
Once the AltMarket™ platform is online, the Potential metric will provide a simple moving average of the changes in an artist’s Demand in various time scales. Potential then
serves as an indicator which may show an artist breaking out before the markets reflect
the change.

11

12

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Version 0.3

The Tao of Music:
The New Record Executives

Masternodes: The 100K Club
Exclusive Access

Given the network economics, there will only ever be at

Tao will implement master nodes in 2018 with a mini-

most 320 members of the 100k Club. This exclusivity allows

mum operational requirement of 100,000XTO. This

us to provide a top-quality experience for those super fans

“100k Club” will not only receive long term payments

of the network. Bryce Weiner, founder of Tao Network has

from the network, but will also entitle those operators

described the 100k Club experience as to be compared to

to special access across the AltMarket™ ecosystem.

“Playboy lifestyle, if you got to be Hugh Hefner.”

This includes:

The 100k Club become the new record executives, with exclu-

•

Exclusive events and promotions

sive access and funding opportunties for the hottest artists

•

Backstage passes

in entertainment.

•

Hanging out with celebrities

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

13

Serving the whole market
The Tao Network is also crime-free, allowing it to be suitable for use for minors who traditionally do not have
access to banking services. Special mobile wallets and promotions are under development which will allow
those under 18 years of age to participate the cryptoeconomy while at the same time supporting their favorite
artists. This unique economic design provides a safe lane for involvement in the cryptocurrency experience
for some of society’s most vulnerable consumers. Even without trading, the 4% annual returns for participation in network consensus (Proof of Stake) provides additional means of participation for minors in learning

Cryptocurrency, The Old-Fashioned Way

how cryptocurrencies and general economics operate.

After the crowd sale, our primary

tives, music technology CEOs, sound

focus was demonstrating our

and recording engineers, and artists

technical abilities in implementing

to cryptocurrencies. We seeded the in-

music industry solutions utilizing

dustry with XTO at no charge, in order

blockchain technology.

to allow individuals direct experience

Unknown to most of the industry, our

with the technology and its financial

team secretly “leaked” our unpub-

application. By October of 2017, a

lished technical white paper in January

non-trivial portion of the music supply

of 2016 which outlined our engineering

chain is holding a vested interest in

design. In November of 2016 we filed a

XTO. We have taught dozens of music

provisional patent which was granted

industry professionals how to install

for the administration of rights man-

and use Bitcoin wallets. We have,

agement utilizing blockchain tech-

quite literally, increased cryptocurren-

nology. While the industry pursued,

cy adoption within the music industry

various solutions based on our design,

in order to prepare the market for our

we began introducing record execu-

applications and products.

XTO Markets
While US dollar and Bitcoin trading pairs will be offered, they will be AML/KYC restricted. As such, AltMarket™ will
enable trading of Artist Tokens against a XTO trading pair. This provides direct access for minors, while at the same
time providing significant arbitrage opportunities. This provides the added benefit of allowing XTO early adopters
a significant advantage in which artists gain the most market support. By design, this allows for XTO holders to
literally become the next generation of music executives.

14

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

Version 0.3

Making It a Reality
While the requirements are simple, execution is no small endeavor. Steps 1 & 2 were cleverly combined through
the efforts of Hakim Draper. Each legal agreement was celebrated by “making it rain” on everyone in the room and
awarding them between 5,000-25,000XTO tokens without reason or ceremony. This demonstration allowed those
decision makers the opportunity to directly experience the powerful network effects of cryptocurrency first hand,
and without creating a conflict of interest.
This paved the way for the third step, which involved the appraisal of music industry executives of the current
state of cryptocurrency infrastructure. Suffice it to note that the quality and standards were found woefully lacking. Furthermore, of all existing platforms evaluated, none met the due diligence of intellectual property attorneys. Drawing from that feedback, the design of AltMarket™ caters towards a unique experience in the cryptocurrency space focusing on customer service and regulatory compliance. Our strict implementation of AML/KYC
allows for the participation of 13-18 year olds in special markets, with funds “unlocking” upon their 18th birthday.

Version 0.3

AltMarket: the XTO Roadmap

15

1

2

3

Legal Compliance

Economic Design

Platform Development

Our legal team will vet every

An ala carte menu of options

AltMarket, Inc. is in the process

single project to be listed on Alt-

become available for artists to

of developing the exchange

Market™, as well as provide the

implement their token within the

platform with the assistance

necessary legal due diligience to

economic systems which cur-

of several well-known compa-

certify each celebrity token as of-

rently exist within their fanbase.

nies within the cryptocurrency

ficially licensed merchandise.

New opportunities will become

space.

apparent, with ever increasing
rewards for fans!

Ready for your brand to join
the crypto-economy?

Let´s get started.
www.alt.market

Address
AltMarket, Inc.
10713 Burbank Blvd
North Hollywood, CA
United States

Contact Us
Email:
info@alt.market
Twitter:
@_altmarket
Website: www.alt.market

Phone:

+ 1 805 944 2178

